2  blocks cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. sugar
2  large eggs
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
pinch of kosher salt
2 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1 1/2  sticks unsalted butter, melted
1 c. sugar
1/2 c. brown sugar
2  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
cinnamon sugar, for sprinkling
Preheat oven to 350

Prepare snickerdoodle dough: In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar with a hand mixer until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs and vanilla and mix until just combined. Gradually add flour mixture and mix on low until just combined.
Press about two-thirds of the snickerdoodle dough into an even layer in the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar on top. Pour cheesecake batter on top and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Break up remaining snickerdoodle dough into small clumps and sprinkle over cheesecake layer. Sprinkle with more cinnamon sugar.
Bake until edges are set and center of cheesecake mixture is only slightly jiggly, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool completely until slicing into square.


2  blocks cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. powdered sugar
1/2 c. caramel, plus more for drizzling
2 c. heavy cream
1 tsp. vanilla
pinch of kosher salt
2 c. chopped Twix
1  prepared graham cracker crust
2 tbsp. Melted chocolate, for drizzling
In a large bowl using a hand mixer, beat cream cheese, sugar, and caramel until light and fluffy, 2 minutes. Gradually add heavy cream and beat until stiff peaks form, then fold in vanilla, salt, and half the chopped Twix.
Pour pie filling into prepared crust and smooth top.
Refrigerate until firm, at least 6 hours and up to overnight.
Drizzle with caramel and melted chocolate. Sprinkle all over with remaining chopped Twix, then drizzle with more caramel.


1/4 c. melted semisweet chocolate chips
1 tsp. coconut oil
5  mandarin oranges, peeled and divided into segments
Flaky sea salt, for garnish
Stir together melted chocolate and coconut oil.
Dip each clementine segment into melted chocolate and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Garnish with flaky sea salt.
Refrigerate until firm, 20 minutes.
Serve.


4  Pink Lady apples, cored and thinly sliced
1 c. peanut butter, melted
1 c. chocolate chips, melted
1 c. chopped Reese's miniatures
1 c. Reese's pieces
On a large plate, arrange apple slices on top of one another. Drizzle half of the melted peanut butter and melted chocolate on top.
Sprinkle with chopped Reese's candies. Then drizzle with more melted peanut butter and melted chocolate.


1  box instant vanilla pudding mix
2 c. whole milk
1  pound cake (defrosted if frozen)
3/4 c. heavy cream
1 1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Make pudding: In a large bowl, whisk together pudding mix and milk until thick, 3 minutes.
Slice pound cake in half lengthwise and spread a thick layer of pudding on top (you'll have about 1/4 of the batch of pudding left). Top with pound cake top.
Make ganache: Heat heavy cream in a small saucepan over low heat just until it bubbles. Place chocolate chips in a heatproof bowl and pour over hot heavy cream. Let sit 2 minutes, then whisk until smooth and no clumps remain.
Pour ganache over pound cake and smooth top.
Let harden in fridge 10 minutes, then slice.


2 1/4 c. water
1 c. sugar
3/4 c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
pinch of salt
3/4 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
Combine 1 1/2 cups of the water with the sugar, cocoa powder, and salt in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Whisking constantly, bring to a boil. Boil for about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and transfer to a large bowl.
Stir in chocolate chips until melted. Add vanilla and remaining water. Use a hand mixer to blend until frothy. Refrigerate until very cold, about 1 hour, then transfer bowl to freezer for 2 hours. Blend with hand mixer again until airy and transfer to freezer for another 2 hours. Blend with hand mixer one last time, then transfer to loaf pan and freeze until set, 1-2 hours.


3 c. heavy cream
1  14 oz can sweetened condensed milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. toasted sweetened coconut
1 c. chopped shortbread cookies
1/3 c. caramel, plus more for drizzling
1/3 c. chocolate sauce, plus more for drizzling
In a large using a hand mixer, beat cream until stiff peaks form. Fold in sweetened condensed milk and vanilla, then fold in 1 cup toasted coconut, shortbread cookies, caramel, and chocolate sauce until combined.
Transfer mixture to a 9-x-5” loaf pan and smooth top.
Sprinkle top with remaining 1 cup toasted coconut and drizzle with more caramel and chocolate sauce. Freeze until firm, 6 hours.
Let soften 10 minutes before serving.


1 1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened
1 1/2 c. brown sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
3 1/4 c. crushed graham crackers
1/3 c. milk
1 tsp. salt
1 1/3 c. mini chocolate chips
In a large bowl, use an electric mixer to beat butter, brown sugar, and vanilla until light and fluffy. Mix in graham crackers, salt, and milk. Fold in chocolate chips.


1/2 c. unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly
2 1/2 c. Milk, warmed
1 c. flour
1/2 c. cocoa powder
4  eggs, separated
1/8 tsp. white vinegar
1 1/2 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. espresso powder
1 tsp. vanilla extract
strawberries, for serving
Powdered sugar, for dusting
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.
Grease a 8"x8" baking dish with butter or cooking spray.
In a medium bowl bowl, whisk together the flour and cocoa powder. Set aside.
In a separate bowl, whip the egg whites with vinegar until stiff peaks form. Set aside.
In a third bowl, beat the egg yolks and sugar until pale yellow in color (it will still be grainy). Beat in the melted butter, espresso powder and vanilla extract until evenly incorporated. Mix the flour mixture into the batter until evenly incorporated. Add the milk and beat low speed. Gradually and gently fold in the egg whites. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 50-60 minutes or until the cake is slightly jiggly.
Cool completely. Dust with powdered sugar and garnish with fresh berries.


8 oz  cream cheese, softened to room temperature
1/2 c. brown sugar
1/4 c. powdered sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. heavy cream
3  Health bars, chopped
1/4 c. caramel sauce
Pretzels, for serving
apple slices, for serving
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, sugars and vanilla together until smooth and fluffy. Gradually, beat in heavy cream, adding about 1/2 cup of cream at a time. Beat on high until light and fluffy. Fold in about two-thirds of Heath Bars. Transfer to a serving bowl and chill in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
When ready to serve, top the dip with the remaining chopped Heath bars. Drizzle with caramel sauce. Serve with preztels and apples for dipping.


vanilla cake mix (including required ingredients)
1  can cream soda
1 c. Butterscotch Sauce
1/2 c. melted white chocolate
gold sanding sugar
2 c. heavy cream
1/4 c. powdered sugar
1/4 c. melted butter
1 tsp. vanilla
1  Heath bar, chopped (or 1/2 cup toffee bits)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Butter a 9-x-13” pan and sprinkle with flour. When preparing vanilla cake mix, swap and equal amount cream soda in for the amount of water called for by the package  instructions.Bake according to package instructions until toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean.
Cool the cake for at least 20 minutes in the pan. Then poke big holes across entire surface of the cake using the rounded end of the wooden spoon. Pour butterscotch over the entire surface of the cake and spread with a spatula to make sure it pours into the holes. Cover and refrigerate for two hours.
Meanwhile, make white chocolate lightning bolts. Transfer melted chocolate to a piping bag (or ziplock back). On a parchment paper-lined baking sheet, pipe small lightning bolts with the melted chocolate. Sprinkle with gold sanding sugar. Let set.
Make whipped topping. In a large bowl using a handheld mixer or a stand mixer using a paddle attachment, beat heavy cream and vanilla until medium peaks form. Stir in sugar and melted butter until combined. Spread over the cake. Drizzle with butterscotch and top with toffee bits. Top with white chocolate lightning bolts.


6 c. Chex cereal
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1/2 c. creamy peanut butter
1/2 c. butter, divided
1 1/2 c. powdered sugar
2 c. white chocolate chips
food coloring (pink, purple, blue, green)
1/2 c. Lucky Charms
rainbow sprinkles
In a microwave-safe bowl, combine chocolate chips, peanut butter and 1/4 c butter. Microwave for 30 seconds, stir, then microwave again for 30 seconds, stirring until chips are fully melted and combined. Pour mixture over cereal, stirring to combine, then place in a gallon-sized resealable bag. Add powdered sugar, seal bag and toss to coat.
Spread mixture on a wax paper-covered baking sheet. Set aside.
In a large microwave-safe bowl, combine remaining butter and white chocolate chips. Microwave in 30-second intervals, stirring in between, until chips are fully melted. Divide white chocolate into five bowls. Add 2-3 drops of food coloring to each bowl, creating pink, green, yellow and blue white chocolate. For the fifth bowl, combine 2 drops pink and 2 drops blue food coloring, stirring until it’s purple. Drizzle various colors of white chocolate on top of the Muddy Buddies, creating a rainbow effect. Top with Lucky Charms and sprinkles. Let cool in refrigerator for at least 10 minutes. Break apart and serve.


Cooking spray, for pan
1  box fudgy brownie mix, plus ingredients called for on box
2  blocks cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. sugar
2  large eggs
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
pinch of kosher salt
1  pint fresh raspberries
1 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. water
Preheat oven to 350º and line a 9-x-13" pan with foil. Spray foil with cooking spray.
Prepare brownie mix according to package directions and pour batter into prepared pan.
Prepare cheesecake mixture: In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar until fluffy. Add eggs, vanilla, and salt and beat until combined.
Pour cheesecake mixture over brownie batter and set aside.
Make raspberry sauce: In a small saucepan over medium-low heat, combine raspberries, remaining 1 tablespoon sugar, and water. Cook, stirring occasionally, until raspberries are broken down, 8 to 10 minutes. Strain seeds through a fine-mesh strainer.
Dollop raspberry sauce all over cheesecake mixture and swirl with a toothpick or wooden skewer.
Bake until edges are set and center of cheesecake mixture is only slightly jiggly, 35 to 40 minutes.
Let cheesecake brownies cool completely in pan.
Slice and serve.


1 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 c. unsweetened cocoa
2 c. chocolate chips, divided
1 c. unsalted butter, cut into 1 inch pieces
1 1/2 c. granulated sugar
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
5  eggs, at room temperature
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the inside of 9”-×-13” inch baking pan and line with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, and cocoa powder. Set a large heat-proof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water to create a double-boiler. Add the butter and 1 1/2 cups of the chocolate chips to the bowl. Heat, stirring occasionally until the chocolate and butter are completely melted and smooth. Turn off the heat, then whisk in the sugars and stir until combined. Remove bowl from heat.
Add the eggs  one at a time, stirring well between each addition. Stir in vanilla. Sprinkle the flour mixture over the chocolate mixture and fold in the dry ingredients with a rubber spatula until just combined. Fold in remaining chocolate chips. Pour the batter into parchment paper-lined baking pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the brownies comes out with a few moist crumbs, about 30 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan. Cut into squares and serve at room temperature.


1  banana
1/4 c. marshmallow Fluff
1/4 c. graham crackers, crushed into crumbs
1/2 c. bittersweet chocolate chips, melted
Slice banana into 12, 1/2" pieces.
Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper.
Assemble bites: Place 6 banana slices on baking sheet and top with a large dollop of Marshmallow Fluff and a sprinkle of graham cracker crumbs. Top with remaining bananas to make a sandwich. Stabilize with a toothpick if desired. Freeze until firm, 1 hour.
Once sandwiches are frozen solid, dunk half in melted chocolate, and then into remaining graham cracker crumbs. Place back in freezer until fully set, 30 minutes more (or until ready to serve).


1 1/3 c. milk
1  package instant vanilla pudding mix
1  can sweetened condensed milk (14 oz.)
3 c. heavy cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1  box vanilla wafer cookies (12 oz.)
4  bananas, sliced into coins
2 tsp. sugar
In a large mixing bowl, combine milk, vanilla pudding mix and sweetened condensed milk. Whisk thoroughly, breaking up any lumps, and refrigerate for at least 5 minutes, or until set.
In another large bowl, combine heavy cream and vanilla. Beat until stiff peaks form, about 2-3 minutes. Set aside half of the mixture for topping the dish. Fold remaining half into the pudding mixture.
Cover the bottom of a 3-quart trifle dish with vanilla wafers. Top with one-third of the pudding mixture. Cover with another layer of the wafer cookies—you may want to also stand some cookies up vertically, so you see the full circle along the edge of the trifle dish. Top with an even layer of banana slices. Continue layering the pudding, wafer cookies and banana slices until you reach the top, ending with a final layer of banana pudding.
Refrigerate for at least 3 hours, or overnight.
Sweeten the remaining whipped cream: Add sugar to whipped cream, stirring to combine. Dollop on top of the banana pudding, then sprinkle crumbled wafer cookies on top, just before serving.


1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chips, melted
1 1/4 c. pomegranate seeds
Line a mini muffin tin with liners. In each cup, add 2 teaspoons melted chocolate. Sprinkle pomegranate seeds on top and drizzle with more melted chocolate.
Refrigerate until chocolate is firm, 20 minutes.
Unwrap and serve.


1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1/4 tsp. salt
1/4 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/2 c. firmly packed brown sugar
1  large egg
1/2 c. granulated sugar
5 tbsp. Butter, softened to room temperature
1/4 c. plain Greek yogurt
1 c. shredded zuccini
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 c. old-fashioned oats
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk together flour, salt, baking soda, cinnamon and cocoa powder in a small bowl.
In a large bowl, beat together sugars and butter until light and fluffy. Add egg, yogurt and vanilla and mix until evenly combined. Fold in chocolate chips and zucchini. Drop by rounded teaspoon 2 inches apart on baking sheets.
Bake for 10-12 minutes. Let cool for 2 minutes on baking sheet and transfer to wire rack to cool completely.


1  medium banana
1 c. peanut butter
1  egg
1 tsp. vanilla
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1/2 c. sugar
1/4 tsp. salt
1 1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Mash banana in a large mixing bowl. Add peanut butter, egg, vanilla, baking soda, sugar and salt, stirring to combine. Fold in chocolate chips.
Drop heaping spoonfuls of dough on a parchment-lined baking sheet, placing cookies about 1 1/2” apart.
Bake for 9-10 minutes, or until cookies are lightly golden.


Cooking spray, for pan
20  Thin Mints
1/4 c. unsalted butter, melted
pinch of kosher salt
16 oz. (2 blocks) cream cheese, softened
3/4 c. powdered sugar
2 c. cold heavy cream
1 tsp. peppermint extract
26  Thin Mints, divided
Chocolate sauce, for drizzling
Grease an 8" springform pan with cooking spray
and line bottom with parchment paper. Make the crust: In the bowl of a food
processor, pulse Thin Mints into fine crumbs. Add butter and salt and
pulse to combine.
Press mixture into prepared pan and refrigerate while you make the filling.
In a large bowl using an electric mixer, beat
cream cheese until light and fluffy, 2 minutes. Add sugar to combine, then gradually add cream
and beat on high speed until stiff peaks form. Add peppermint extract.
Crush 12 Thin Mints and fold 8 of them into the
cream cheese mixture. Spread over the crust and sprinkle with the remaining 4
crushed Thin Mints. Refrigerate until firm, at least 5 hours and up to
overnight.
To serve, release cake from pan and
press remaining 14 Thin Mints against the sides of the cake. Drizzle with
chocolate sauce, if desired.


1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted
1 1/4 c. flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
2  large eggs
1 c. packed brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1 c. smooth peanut butter, divided
1/4 c. marshmallow Fluff
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Line a 9x9” pan with parchment paper and grease with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, mix together flour, baking powder, and salt. In another large bowl, mix together melted butter, eggs, brown sugar, granulated sugar, and ¾ c. peanut butter. Gradually fold dry ingredients into wet ingredients until well combined.
Transfer batter to pan and drizzle with remaining peanut butter, then dollop with Fluff. Swirl gently with a spoon.
Bake until golden and set, 35 minutes exactly. Let cool completely before slicing, at least 30 minutes.


2  (12-oz.) bags semisweet chocolate chips, divided
4 tbsp. coconut oil, divided
2  Sticks unsalted butter, softened
1 c. brown sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 1/2 c. crushed graham crackers
2 tsp. salt
1/3 c. milk
2/3 c. mini chocolate chips
1  (3.5-oz.) mini Chips Ahoy Go-Pak
Line jelly roll pan or edged baking sheet with wax paper.
Create a double boiler: Pour about 1" water into a medium-sized saucepan, placing an oven-safe bowl on top (the bowl should not touch the water underneath). Bring the water to a simmer, add 1 bag of chocolate chips and 2 tablespoon coconut oil and stir until chips have melted completely, forming a sauce.
Make the cookie dough layer: Using an electric mixer, beat butter, brown sugar and vanilla extract until combined. Slowly beat in graham crackers and salt, then milk. Fold in chocolate chips. Spread onto chilled chocolate. Place baking sheet in fridge.
Melt remaining chocolate and coconut oil, following the same process as before. Spread in an even layer on top of the cookie dough. Crumble a small handful of cookies. Sprinkle crumbled and whole mini cookies on top, then stick in the fridge for about 2 hours to set.
Break bark into bite-sized pieces and serve.


1 c. all-purpose flour
2/3 c. chopped pecans
1/4 tsp. salt
1/2 c. melted butter
1  package cream cheese, softened
2/3 c. powdered sugar
3 c. frozen whipped topping, divided
2  packages instant chocolate pudding mix (3.4 ounces each)
4 c. milk
Chocolate sauce, for drizzling
Chocolate sprinkles
Make the crust: In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, pecans, salt and butter. Press mixture into a greased 8”x8” square baking pan. Bake for 15 minutes at 325 degrees F. Remove and cool.
Make the cheesecake layer: In another mixing bowl, combine cream cheese and powdered sugar, beating with an electric mixer on low speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Fold in 1 1/2 c frozen whipped topping, then spread mixture in an even layer over the baked pecan crust.
In a third bowl, whisk pudding mix with milk, stirring until combined. Spread evenly over cheesecake filling. Top with a layer of remaining whipped topping and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.
Drizzle with chocolate syrup and sprinkles and serve.


2 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. sugar
2  drops pink food coloring
2  drops blue food coloring
4 c. milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
8 oz. white chocolate
2 tbsp. Pink sanding sugar
2 tbsp. Blue sanding sugar
Lucky Charms
rainbow sprinkles
Make rainbow swirl whipped cream: 
Make unicorn hot chocolate:
Top with dollops of each color whipped cream, using a spoon to swirl it. Top each drink with Lucky Charms and sprinkles.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter, divided
2  apples, peeled and sliced
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. brown sugar
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg
2  large flour tortillas
1/4 c. caramel sauce, warmed
1 c. cinnamon sugar
Vanilla ice cream, for serving
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add apples and sauté until beginning to soften. Add the sugars, nutmeg and cinnamon and cook until soft and caramelized, about 5 minutes more. Remove from heat.
Assemble quesadilla. Spread caramel sauce over one tortilla. Top with cooked apples and the second tortilla.
Wipe skillet clean and melt remaining butter over medium heat. Add quesadilla and cook, flipping halfway through, until golden on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Immediately coat both sides in cinnamon-sugar. Serve warm with ice cream.


1 c. plus 2 tablespoons butter, softened to room temperature
2 c. brown sugar
2  large eggs
4 tsp. vanilla extract (divided)
3 c. quick-cooking oats
2 1/2 c. cups flour
1 1/2 tsp. salt (divided)
1 tsp. baking soda
1  14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk
2 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a large baking pan with cooking spray or butter.
Cream together butter and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time. Mix in vanilla. Add oats, flour, 1 teaspoon salt and baking soda and stir until just combined. Press about two-thirds of the mixture into the bottom of the baking pan.
In a saucepan, combine condensed milk, chocolate chips, 2 tablespoon butter and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Cook and stir over low heat until the chocolate is completely melted. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla.
Spread the chocolate mixture evenly over the oat crust. Then sprinkle the remaining oat mixture over the top of the chocolate. Bake for 20-25 minutes, or until golden brown.


2  8 oz blocks cream cheese, softened
1 c. sugar
2 c. heavy cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
pink, yellow, green, blue, and purple food coloring
1  store-bought graham cracker crust
Sprinkles, for decorating
Whipped cream, for serving
In a large bowl using a hand mixer or a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth and fluffy, 3 minutes.
Add heavy cream and beat until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes more. Add vanilla and beat until combined.
Divide mixture among 5 small bowls (or one bowl for each color you're using) and add a couple drops of a different food coloring to each bowl. Stir to combine, adjusting color as desired.
Add spoonfuls of the dyed cheesecake mixture to graham cracker crust, alternating colors until you’ve used up all the mixture.
Top all over with sprinkles.
Refrigerate until cheesecake is firm and sliceable, 6 to 8 hours.
Serve with whipped cream and more sprinkles.


1/2 c. warm water
1  envelope active dry yeast
3/4 c. warm milk
1  package red velvet cake mix
2 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
Pinch kosher salt
1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened
1/2 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 c. powdered sugar
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 c. milk
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. 
Butter a 9”x13” pan and set aside.
In a small bowl, combine warm water and yeast. Allow to sit and bloom, 10 minutes. Mixture should be foamy.
Once yeast is active, add to the bowl of a stand mixer. Add milk, cake mix, flour, and salt. With the dough hook attached, mix on low until dough comes together and starts to pull away from the sides, 5 minutes. (Alternatively, you can mix all ingredients in a large bowl and knead the dough by hand on a well-floured surface).
Move dough to a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let sit until almost doubled in size, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, make filling: In a large bowl, mix together butter, sugars, and cinnamon until well combined.
Turn dough onto a floured surface and roll into a large rectangle. Spread filling over the dough and roll up into a long log. Slice into 15 rolls. Place rolls into prepared pan and bake until golden, 18-20 minutes.
In a large bowl, make cream cheese icing: Beat together butter, cream cheese, sugar, vanilla, and milk. Mixture should be pourable. Drizzle icing over rolls and serve immediately.


12 oz. cream cheese, softened
1/4 c. butter, softened
3/4 c. brown sugar
1/2 tsp. vanilla
1 c. mini chocolate chips
Assorted rainbow and silver sprinkles, for decorating ball
NILLA Wafers or pretzels for serving
In a large bowl using a hand mixer, beat cream cheese and butter. Add brown sugar and vanilla. Fold in mini chocolate chips.
Place a sheet of plastic wrap on a work surface and scrape cookie dough mixture on top. Using your hands, form mixture into a ball. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until firm, 3 hours. (After 2 hours, better shape mixture into a ball once it's semi firm.)
In a small bowl, mix together rainbow and silver sprinkles.
Transfer ball to a serving platter and sprinkle all over with mixture, making sure to coat the sides. (If your ball is firm enough to roll, try that.)
Serve with Nilla Wafers or pretzels.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted
1 c. granulated sugar
1 large egg plus 1 egg yolk
1/4 c. sour cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3  ripe bananas, mashed
1/2 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 c. chopped toasted walnuts
Preheat oven to 350º. 
In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
In another large bowl, mix together butter, sugar, egg and egg yolk, sour cream, and vanilla. Add mashed bananas and stir until combined. Gradually add dry ingredients to wet ingredients until just combined. Fold in chocolate chips and walnuts and transfer to prepared loaf pan.
Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let cool 10 minutes in pan, then turn out onto a cooling rack to cool completely.


16 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. heavy cream
1 tsp. vanilla
pinch of salt
16 oz. white chocolate chips
1/4 c. heavy cream
1 tsp. vanilla
pinch of salt
Assorted dippers (chopped pound cake, strawberries, pretzels, apples), for dipping
Fold a sheet of foil to make a sturdy wall and place inside the center of your slow cooker. Place a slow-cooker liner bag over the foil divider.
Make chocolate fondue: On the right side, combine milk chocolate chips, heavy cream, vanilla, and salt.
Make white chocolate fondue: On the left side, combine white chocolate chips, heavy cream, vanilla, and salt.
Cover and cook on low, stirring occasionally, until chocolate is totally melted and creamy, 2 hours.
Serve warm with dippers.


12 oz. cream cheese, softened to room temperature
1/4 c. eggnog
1/2 c. powdered sugar
1/4 c. brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp. ground nutmeg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Gingerbread cookies, for serving
Combine all ingredients, except for the cookies, in a large bowl. Use a hand mixer to cream together all the ingredients until smooth and fluffy. Transfer to a small bowl for serving.
Serve immediately with cookies for dipping. Or store covered in the refrigerator until ready to serve.


12 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1/2 c. almonds, chopped
1 c. sweetened shredded coconut
Pinch flaky sea salt
Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper.
Melt chocolate slowly over a double-boiler. Spread chocolate onto parchment paper in an even layer.
Sprinkle with almonds, coconut and flaky sea salt. Refrigerate for 1 hour, or until firm.
Break into pieces and serve at room temperature.


1  box Devil’s food cake
1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
2  8 oz packages cream cheese, softened to room temperature
3 c. powdered sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
red food dye
Line a muffin tin with liners.
Make chocolate cupcakes according to package directions. Let cool completely.
Make cream cheese frosting: In a large bowl, beat together butter, cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla until light and fluffy.
Transfer about one third of the frosting to a smaller bowl. Dye the rest of the frosting (in the large bowl) red.
Pipe red frosting onto cupcakes in a conical shape to mimic a Santa hat. Use a smaller star tip to pipe the white frosting around the edges.


1 c. butter, softened
1 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. sugar
2 tsp. vanilla
2  large eggs
2 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. chopped pecans
1  stick butter
1 1/2 c. powdered sugar
2 tbsp. maple syrup
2 tbsp. heavy cream
Chopped pecans, for decorating
Preheat oven to 350º. In a large bowl using a hand mixer, beat butter and sugars until smooth. Add vanilla and eggs and beat until combined, then add flour, baking soda, and salt and mix until just combined. Fold in chopped pecans.
Spoon tablespoon scoops onto a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool.
Make frosting: In a large bowl using a hand mixer, beat butter until smooth and fluffy, 2 minutes. Add powdered sugar and beat until combined, then add maple syrup and heavy cream and beat until creamy. (If the frosting is too thin, beat in more powdered sugar, 1/4 cup at a time.)
Frost cookies and decorate with more pecans.


1 1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1  (14-oz.) can sweetened condensed milk, separated into 2/3 and 1/3
1/4 c. unsalted butter
1 c. white chocolate chips
green and red sprinkles
Make the Chocolate Fudge Layer: 
Make the White Chocolate Fudge Layer:
Spoon on top of chocolate fudge mixture, then drag a knife through the fudge to create a marbled effect. Top immediately with sprinkles.
Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or until set.


1 c. unsalted buter, softened
1 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
2  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
1 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 3/4 c. rolled oats
1 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
raisins
white chocolate chips
dried cranberries
cookie icing
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large mixing bowl, combine butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar. Beat with hand mixer until light and fluffy.
Add eggs and vanilla and mix until evenly combined. Add flour, oats, baking powder, cinnamon and salt and stir until just combined.
Fold in desired mix-ins. Scoop tablespoon-sized balls of dough and place on baking sheets, about 2” apart. Bake until golden brown, about 10-15 minutes. Let cool on wire racks then top as desired.


3  8-oz blocks cream cheese, softened
1 c. sugar
2 large eggs
1/4 c. sour cream
1 1/2 tbsp. flour
1 tsp. peppermint extract
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 c. chopped chocolate, plus more for garnish
1/2 c. chopped white chocolate, plus more for garnish
1/2 c. chopped candy canes, plus more for garnish
24  Peppermint Oreos
5 tbsp. melted butter
3/4 c. hot heavy cream
1 1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350º and spray a 9" springform pan with cooking spray.. Make filling: In a large bowl using a hand mixer or in a stand mixer using the paddle attachment, beat cream cheese and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, sour cream, flour, peppermint extract, vanilla, and salt. Gently fold in chopped chocolates and candy canes and set aside.
Make crust: In a food processor fitted with a metal blade or in a large Ziploc bag, crush Oreos into fine crumbs. Stir with  melted butter until completely moist.
Add crust to prepared  pan and pack tightly.
Pour over filling and place pan on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until center is only slightly jiggly, about 1 hour. (If you want to use a water bath to ensure no cracking, wrap springform pan in foil and place springform pan in a deep-sided roasting pan. Pour boiling water into roasting pan until it reaches halfway up the springform pan.)
Turn off oven and let cheesecake cool in oven 1 hour (this step is optional but prevents cracking).
Refrigerate cheesecake until completely chilled, at least 4 hours but preferably overnight
Before serving, make chocolate ganache: Pour hot cream over chocolate chips and let sit, 5 minutes. Stir until all chocolate is melted. (If ganache seems too thin, refrigerate 5 minutes.)
Spread ganache over chilled cheesecake and garnish with more chopped chocolate and candy canes.
Refrigerate 10 minutes before serving to let ganache harden.


1  dozen baked sugar cookies
6  marshmallows, halved at an angle
White cookie icing, for decorating
Black cookie icing or melted chocolate, for decorating
12  orange jimmies, for noses
24  mini M&M;'s, for buttons
Chocolate jimmies, for arms
Spread white cookie icing on sugar cookies to create melted blobs.
Decorate marshmallows with black cookie icing to make dots for eyes and a smile (or smirk).
Insert an orange jimmy into the marshmallow for a nose.
Place marshmallow on cookie icing and add more cookie icing around the neck to secure it.
Decorate buttons and arms: Place mini M&M;'s on cookie icing for buttons and add chocolate jimmies for arms.


1/2 c. chopped pecans
1/2 c. chopped pistachios
1/2 c. slivered almonds
1/4 c. shredded, sweetened coconut
1/2 c. butter, softened
1/2 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
3  large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. nutmeg
2 tbsp. bourbon
1/2 c. Dried cranberries, chopped
1/2 c. dried cherries, chopped
1/2 c. dried apricots, chopped
2 c. powdered sugar
3/4 c. milk
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
To a large baking sheet, add pecans, pistachios, almonds, and coconut. Bake until golden and toasty, tossing often, 10-12 minutes. Let cool and set aside.
Lower oven to 300 degrees F. Spray a small bundt pan with cooking spray. Set aside.
In a large bowl, cream butter and sugars. Add eggs and vanilla and beat to combine. In another bowl, mix together flour, baking powder, salt, and spices.
Fold dry ingredients into wet ingredients and add bourbon until combined. Add in toasted nuts and fruit. Transfer to bundt pan and bake until golden and toothpick comes out clean, 70-75 minutes.
Make glaze:


1  tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough
1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. melted white chocolate
1/3 c. Crushed candy canes
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large mixing bowl, combine cookie dough and flour, using your hands to make sure it's evenly incorporated. Roll dough out to 1/4" thick, then use a candy cane cookie cutter to cut out each cookie. Place on prepared baking sheet and bake for 10-15 minutes, or until cookies are lightly golden around the edges. Let cool completely on wire racks.
When the cookies are cool, dip each cookie in melted white chocolate and roll the chocolate-end in crushed candy canes. Let set for about 10 minutes more.


1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1 1/2 c. superfine granulated sugar
1/4 tsp. salt
1/2 c. large semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 c. butter, room temperature
1/2 c. highest quality cocoa powder (such as Valrhona)
1 c. water
1/2 c. buttermilk
2  large eggs, beaten
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 c. Plugra Butter
1/4 c. creamy peanut butter
3 c. confectioner's sugar
1/2 c. whole milk
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line muffin pans
with baking cups.
Make cupcakes: Combine dry ingredients in mixing bowl.
Place cocoa in a medium sized bowl, set
aside.  In a small bowl, melt butter and
pour over cocoa, whisking to combine.
Bring water to a boil and in the same pot, add
butter and cocoa mixture. Let mixture boil for 30 seconds before pouring over
dry mixture. Stir well, ensuring mixture is well incorporated.
Slowly, add whisked eggs (they should be frothy)
and vanilla into chocolate batter, beating until smooth.
Divide batter among baking cups, filling each
about two-thirds full. Bake 20-22 minutes at 350 degrees until tops spring back
when touched. Let cool completely in pans set on wire racks.
Make frosting: Using a mixer, fitted with a paddle attachment,
beat butter until smooth. Add peanut butter and mix until well incorporated.
Scrape sides of the mixing bowl and slowly add
powdered sugar until well combined. Scrape sides and ensure buttercream is
smooth. Slowly add liquids until well incorporated. Beat
for 3 minutes until texture is fluffy.
Transfer buttercream to piping bag and frost
cooled cupcakes as desired. Garnish with gilded peanut, chocolate peanut butter
candy, or the garnish of your choice.


Butter, for cake pans
Flour, for cake pans
1  box red velvet cake mix, plus ingredients called for on the box
2 8-oz. packages cream cheese, softened
2/3 c. sugar
2  large eggs
1/3 c. sour cream
1 tbsp. flour
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
2 8-oz. packages cream cheese, softened
1  stick butter, softened
2 1/4 c. powdered sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350º and butter and flour two 9" cake pans. Prepare red velvet cake batter according to box directions. Divide batter among prepared cake pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 32 minutes. Let cool slightly in cake pans, then invert onto a wire rack to cool completely.
Make cheesecake layer: Line a 9" springform pan with parchment and spray with cooking spray. In a large bowl using a hand mixer or the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat cream cheese and sugar until fluffy and combined, 3 minutes. Add eggs, one a time, until combined. Add sour cream, flour, vanilla, and salt and beat until combined.
Pour filling into prepared pan and bake until only slightly jiggly in the center, 1 hour. Let cool slightly, then transfer to the freezer to cool completely and firm up before assembling.
Make cream cheese frosting: In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and butter until light and fluffy, then add powdered sugar and vanilla and mix until combined.
Assemble cake: On a cake platter, place one red velvet cake. Using a serrated knife, level out the top of the cake so it's flat (save scraps for decorating!). Top with cheesecake layer, pressing down firmly, then top with second red velvet cake.
Using an offset spatula, frost cake with cream cheese frosting.
Garnish with red velvet cake crumbs and serve.


2 1/2  sticks unsalted butter
1 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2  eggs
2 3/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
3/4 tsp. salt
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugars until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Slowly beat in vanilla extract and eggs.
In a separate bowl, mix flour, baking soda and salt. Stir into butter-sugar mixture. Fold in chocolate chips.
Roll dough into 1-inch balls, placing them about 2 inches apart on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake cookies for 9-10 minutes, or until lightly golden.




devil’s food cake mix
1 c. unsalted butter, softened
4-5 c. powdered sugar
1 tsp. peppermint extract
4-6  drops green gel food coloring, optional
1 pt. heavy cream
24 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. Andes mints, plus more for garnish
Bake two 9" round layers of chocolate cake according to box instructions. Let cool completely.
Make ganache. Make the Ganache: Pour heavy cream into a large saucepan over medium heat. Bring the heavy cream to a simmer, and once you see tiny bubbles form around the edges, remove from heat and add chocolate chips, whisking until combined. Let mixture chill until it reaches a spreadable consistency, at least 30 minutes, before frosting cake.
Cream together all buttercream ingredients in a large bowl until light and fluffy, adding more powdered sugar if the frosting is too loose. Add food drops and stir until evenly combined. Add more until you reach your desired color.
Top one round cake with peppermint buttercream, then place the second cake on top of it. Frost the top and sides of the with ganache. Garnish the bottom of the cake with Andes mints. Top with chopped mints. Serve.


16 oz. cream cheese, softened to room temperature
1/3 c. eggnog
1/2 c. sugar
2  eggs
1 tsp. ground nutmeg
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 1/2 tbsp. flour
1  Pinch salt
12  gingersnap cookies
Whipped cream, for serving
Caramel sauce, for serving
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a muffin tin cups with paper liners.
Place a gingersnap cookie at the bottom of each cup.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until evenly combined.
Add eggnog and vanilla. Stir until well combined. Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition until just blended. Spoon into muffin cups.
Bake for 20 minutes or until centers are almost set. They may jiggle slightly in the center. Refrigerate until chilled, about 3 hours. Remove cheesecakes from muffin pan and discard paper liners.
Dollop whipped cream onto each cheesecake and drizzle with caramel sauce.




devil’s food cake mix
1 c. water
1/3 c. vegetable oil
3  large eggs
3 c. Heavy cream, whipped
16 oz. cream cheese, room temperature
2 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. salt
Black decorating gel
Mini M&Ms;
Line a muffin tin with
liners.
Make chocolate cupcakes according to package directions. Let cool
completely.
Make cream cheese frosting: In a large bowl, beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Set aside. In another bowl, beat together cream cheese, sugar, vanilla, and salt until light and fluffy. Gently fold in whipped cream.
Transfer to piping bag or large Ziploc bag. Frost cupcakes, making sure they are a good height. Trace a black line around the frosting with decorating gel. Stick M&Ms; along the black line, imitating rainbow lights. Repeat to frost all 24 cupcakes.


35  saltine crackers
2  sticks unsalted butter
1 c. packed brown sugar
1 3/4 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1/3 c. mini marshmallows
1  bag red and green holiday M&Ms;
1  jar holiday sprinkles, your choice
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet or jelly-roll pan with tin foil and coat with cooking spray. Line the baking sheet with Saltine crackers. Set aside.
In a medium-sized saucepan, melt butter and brown sugar. Bring to a boil, stirring continuously, for about 2 minutes. Pour mixture over crackers in an even layer and bake 5-6 minutes. Top with chocolate chips, baking for 3 minutes, or until melted. Top with mini marshmallows, red and green M&Ms; and holiday sprinkles. Cut into squares, then cool until the chocolate has hardened.


2 c. cold milk
1  packet vanilla pudding mix
1 1/2 c. heavy cream
1  8-oz. container mascarpone
1/2 c. sugar
34-40  ladyfingers (depending on size of springform pan)
3 c. brewed espresso or coffee
3 tbsp. rum (more if you want it boozier!)
Cocoa powder, for dusting
Chocolate shavings, for garnish
Grease bottom and sides of 8" or 9" springform pan with cooking spray. In a large bowl, use a hand mixer or whisk to beat together milk and vanilla pudding mix. Set aside.
In another bowl, beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Fold vanilla pudding into whipped cream until completely combined, then fold in mascarpone and sugar.
Cut lady fingers to match the height of your springform pan.
In a shallow bowl, whisk together espresso and rum. Working quickly, gently dip each cut ladyfinger into espresso mixture for 1 second, then stand around ring of springform pan and layer on bottom of pan, cutting ladyfingers to make one even layer.
Pour half the pie filling over the ladyfinger layer and top with another layer of espresso-dipped ladyfingers.
Pour over remaining half of pie filling.
Refrigerate until filling is firm, 6 hours.
Unmold springform pan. Dust top of pie with cocoa powder and garnish with chocolate shavings.


6 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
2 tbsp. cocoa powder
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1/4 c. brown sugar
2  large eggs
1/4 c. red wine
3/4 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. salt
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-x-9" baking dish with cooking spray.
Melt chocolate and butter over a double boiler. Remove from heat and let cool slightly.
Whisk in wine and sugars. Add eggs, one at a time, whisking well between each addition. Stir in flour, cocoa powder, vanilla and salt until just combined.
Pour brownie batter into prepared pan and bake for 20-25 minutes. Let cool completely. Serve at room temperature with red wine.


1 1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened
1 1/2 c. brown sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
3 1/4 c. crushed graham crackers
1/3 c. milk
1 1/2 tsp. salt
1 1/3 c. mini chocolate chips
2  pkg. Cool Whip, thawed
1 c. mini chocolate chips
8  chocolate chip cookies, like Chips Ahoy
2  (3.4 oz.) boxes instant chocolate pudding mix
4 c. cold milk
In a large bowl, use an electric mixer to beat butter, brown sugar, and vanilla until light and fluffy. Mix in graham crackers, salt, and milk. Fold in chocolate chips. Crumble and pour 1/3 of the mixture into the bottom of a trifle dish.
Make the whipped cream layer: Mix chocolate chips and Cool Whip. Pour 1/3 of the mixture on top of the cookie dough in the trifle dish.Top whipped cream layer with a layer of chocolate chip cookies.
Make chocolate pudding layer: Combine pudding mixes and milk, whisking until granules have dissolved. Let pudding has set, 5 minutes, then pour 1/3 of the mixture on top of the cookies, smoothing to create an even layer.
Repeat layers until you've reached the top of the dish.
Cover the entire trifle with remaining whipped cream. Refrigerate at least 2 hours, to soften the cookie layers. Top with chocolate chips and crumbled cookie pieces before serving.


1  recipe Chocolate Chip Cake
1  recipe White Vanilla Frosting
1 1/2 c. white nonpareils
1 c. large flake coconut
1/2 c. each green, vibrant green, blue, and turquoise candy melts
12  (6") bamboo skewers
Candy: white sprinkles, crushed white rock candy
Make
Spread nonpareils on a
small rimmed baking sheet.
Carefully lift cake from the
top and bottom and roll the
sides in nonpareils to coat.
Return to the cake stand or
serving platter and frost the
top with remaining frosting.
Sprinkle coconut on top.
Melt candy melts in
separate glass bowls in the
microwave. Mix together
some of the colors to make
different shades of green
and greenish blue. Spoon
colors into separate small
zip-top bags and snip a
1/8-inch hole in one corner
of each bag.
Place bamboo skewers,
3 inches apart, on parchment-
lined baking sheets. Working
in a back and forth motion,
drizzle melts over the skewers
to create trees (be sure to
leave 3 inches of the skewer
uncovered). Repeat with all
colors until you have 12 trees,
all different sizes and colors.
Immediately decorate
trees with candy. Chill until
set, 25 to 30 minutes.
Gently lift trees from
parchment and insert skewers
into cake to create forest.


1 1/4 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 tsp. sugar
1/2 c. unsalted butter, cut up
2 tbsp. ice-cold water
Whisk together flour, salt,
and sugar in a bowl. Cut in
butter until mixture resembles
coarse meal with several pea-
size pieces remaining. Add
water, 1 tablespoon at a time,
using a fork to pull dough
together into a crumbly pile
(add up to an additional 2
teaspoons of water, if needed).
Wrap dough in plastic
wrap. Use the plastic to flatten
and press dough into a disk.
Refrigerate until firm, at least
2 hours.


3  large (about 1 1/2 lbs.) Pink Lady apples, cored and cut into 1/8"-thick slices
1/4 c. packed light brown sugar
1 1/2 tsp. apple pie spice
1/4 c. plus 2 tbsp. granulated sugar, divided
1 1/4 tsp. kosher salt, divided
1  (8.8-oz.) package spice cookies (such as Biscoff)
3 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted, plus 1 1/2 tbsp., cut into pieces
1  large egg white
1  8-oz. package cream cheese, at room temperature
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. apple jelly, melted
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toss together apples, brown
sugar, pie spice, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, and 3/4 teaspoon
salt in a bowl. Let stand 45
minutes, gently tossing every
15 minutes, until apple slices
are soft and pliable.
Meanwhile, pulse cookies
in a food processor until finely
ground, 10 to 12 times. Add
melted butter, egg white,
remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt;
pulse until well combined, 6 to
8 times. Press cookie mixture
into bottom and sides of a 10" tart pan. Bake until edges
are beginning to brown, 10 to
12 minutes. Cool completely.
Stir together cream cheese
and confectioners’ sugar in
a bowl until smooth. Spread
cream cheese mixture on
bottom of crust.
Drain apples, discarding
any accumulated juices.
Arrange apples in an overlapping circular pattern, starting
on the outside edge and continuing in a snug spiral shape
until you reach the center. (You may
have a few apples leftover.)
Dot with cut-up butter.
Bake until apples are just
tender, 45 to 55 minutes. Cool,
on a wire rack, at least 1 hour.
Brush apple jelly over tart.
Serve at chilled or at room
temperature.


Cooking spray
3 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled, plus more for pans
1 1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. ground cardamom
1/4 tsp. ground cloves
1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg
1 c. unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 c. packed light brown sugar
3  large eggs
1 c. unsulphered molasses
1 1/4 c. buttermilk
8 oz. cream cheese
1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 tsp. ground cinnamon
5 c. confectioners' sugar
Packaged caramels
Dark chocolate, melted
Pretzel sticks
Pie dough scraps
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Grease and flour 3 (8-inch)
round cake pans; line with
parchment paper, and grease
paper.
Make the Cake: 
Beat butter and brown
sugar on medium speed with
an electric mixer until light
and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add
eggs, one at a time, beating
until incorporated after each
addition. Beat in molasses.
Reduce mixer speed to low
and beat in flour mixture and
buttermilk alternately,
beginning and ending with
flour mixture, just until flour
is incorporated. Divide batter
among prepared pans.
Bake until a toothpick
inserted in centers comes out
clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool
in pans on wire racks for 10
minutes, then invert onto wire
racks to cool completely.
Make the Frosting:
Frost Cake:



4 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
3/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. cream of tartar
3 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon, divided
1 c. unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 c. canned sweet potato puree
2/3 pt. confectioners' sugar
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 1/2 c. granulated sugar, divided
2  large eggs
1  (13.4-oz.) can dulce de leche
Whisk together flour, salt,
baking soda, cream of tartar,
and 2 teaspoons cinnamon
in a bowl.
Beat butter, sweet potato
puree, confectioners’ sugar,
vanilla, and 1 cup granulated
sugar on medium speed with
an electric mixer until fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add eggs,
one at a time, beating until
blended after each addition.
Reduce speed to low and
beat in flour mixture, just until
flour is incorporated. Cover
and chill at least 2 hours and
up to 2 days.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Line two baking sheets with
parchment paper. Stir
together remaining 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon and 1/2 cup
granulated sugar in a bowl.
Roll dough into balls (about
1 tablespoon each). Roll balls
in cinnamon sugar, and
arrange, 2" apart, on
prepared baking sheets.
Bake until just golden
around bottom edges, 10 to
12 minutes. Cool on baking
sheets for 1 minute, then
transfer to wire racks to cool
completely.
Spread dulce de leche
on the flat side of half of the
cookies, dividing evenly.
Sandwich with remaining
cookies.


1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
1/4 c. yellow cornmeal
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 tsp. baking soda
2 tsp. orange zest, plus 1 orange peeled and cut into rounds
3/4 c. buttermilk
2  large eggs
3/4 c. packed light brown sugar
3/4 c. unsalted butter, divided
2 tsp. grated fresh ginger
1  (10-oz.) package fresh or frozen cranberries
3/4 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
with the rack in the lowest
position. Whisk together flour,
cornmeal, baking powder, salt,
and baking soda in a bowl.
Whisk together orange zest,
buttermilk, and eggs in a
separate bowl.
Melt brown sugar and 1/4
cup butter in a 10", oven-
proof skillet, over medium
heat. Stir in ginger and cook,
stirring, until fragrant, about
1 minute. Remove from heat
and arrange orange slices
and cranberries on top of
brown sugar mixture.
Beat granulated sugar
and remaining 1/2 cup butter
on medium speed with an
electric mixer until fluffy, 1 to
2 minutes. Beat in vanilla.
Reduce mixer speed to low
and beat in flour mixture
and buttermilk mixture alternately, beginning and ending
with flour mixture, just until
flour is incorporated. Spread
over oranges and cranberries.
Bake until a toothpick
inserted in center comes out
clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Cool
in skillet on a wire rack 10
minutes, then invert onto a
serving platter to cool.
Serve warm or at room
temperature.


Cooking spray
2 c. half-and-half
1 c. whole milk
5  large eggs
1 c. granulated sugar
4 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
3 tbsp. bourbon
1 tbsp. orange zest, plus 2 tbsp. orange juice
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. bitters (such as Peychaud's)
1 tsp. kosher salt
1  (16-oz.) loaf brioche, cut into 1" cubes
1 1/2 c. frozen pitted cherries, halved
2 tbsp. turbinado sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Lightly grease 8 (10-ounce) ramekins. Whisk together
half-and-half, milk, eggs, granulated sugar, butter, bourbon,
orange zest and juice, vanilla,
bitters, and salt in a bowl.
Arrange bread cubes and
cherries in prepared ramekins.
Slowly pour egg mixture
over bread, dividing evenly.
Cover and let stand 1 hour.
Sprinkle turbinado sugar
over bread pudding, dividing
evenly. Bake until puffed
and golden brown, 30 to 35
minutes. Serve warm.


12  pecan sandie cookies, plus more for garnish
1/2 c. roasted salted pecans, plus more for garnish
3 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
3/4 tsp. kosher salt, divided
3  (8-oz.) packages cream cheese, at room temperature
1  (8-oz.) container sour cream, at room temperature
1 c. packed light brown sugar
4  large eggs, at room temperature
1  (15-oz.) can pure pumpkin puree
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
3/4 tsp. ground ginger
1/2 tsp. ground nutmeg
Sweetened whipped cream, for serving
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
with the rack in the middle
position. Pulse cookies and
pecans in a food processor
until finely ground, 10 to 15
times. Add butter, granulated
sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt
and pulse until well combined,
5 to 7 times. Press cookie
mixture firmly into bottom of a 9" springform pan.
Bake until edges begin
to brown, 10 to 12 minutes.
Cool completely on a wire
rack. Wrap outside of pan
with aluminum foil. Reduce
oven temperature to 300 degrees F.
Beat cream cheese, sour cream, and light brown sugar
on medium speed with an
electric mixer until blended
and smooth, 1 to 2 minutes.
Add eggs, one at a time,
beating until incorporated
after each addition. Add
pumpkin, vanilla, cinnamon,
ginger, nutmeg, and remaining
1/2 teaspoon salt, beating until just until blended. Pour batter
into crust.
Bake until edges are set
but center is still wobbly,
1 hour 10 minutes to 1 hour
and 20 minutes. Turn oven off.
Let cheesecake stand in oven, with door closed, 1 hour.
Remove from oven, and
gently run a knife around
outer edge of cheesecake to
loosen from sides of pan. (Do not remove ring of pan.)
Cool completely on a wire
rack, at least 1 hour. Cover and
chill, at least 8 hours.
Remove ring and bottom of
pan, and transfer cheesecake
to a serving plate. Top with
whipped cream and garnish
with cookies and pecans.


All-purpose flour, for work surface
4  recipes All-Purpose Piecrust
2/3 c. granulated sugar
1/4 c. cornstarch
1 tbsp. chopped fresh rosemary
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest, plus 1 tbsp. lemon juice
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 tsp. Freshly ground black pepper
3 1/2 lb. seedless black grapes
1  large egg, lightly beaten with 1 tsp. water
3 tbsp. turbinado sugar
Piecrust Leaves, for garnish
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Press 2 disks of dough
together. On a lightly floured surface, roll
Whisk together granulated
sugar, cornstarch, rosemary,
lemon zest, salt, and pepper
in a bowl. Add grapes and
toss to coat. Add lemon juice
and toss to combine. Transfer
grape mixture to bottom
crust and refrigerate while
you roll out top crust.
Press remaining 2 disks of
dough together. On a lightly
floured surface, roll remaining
dough to a 15"-x-20" rectangle. Cut dough on the diagonal into 2"-thick strips.
Lay strips diagonally across
top of pie, pressing to seal at
edges. Freeze 15 minutes.
Brush top of pie dough with
egg wash and sprinkle with
turbinado sugar. Bake until
filling is bubbling and crust is golden brown, 60 to 70
minutes. Cool on a wire rack.
Garnish with Piecrust
Leaves.


3 c. all-purpose flour, plus more for surface
1 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
2  sticks butter, softened
1 c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla
1 tbsp. milk
In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt and set aside.
Beat butter and sugar until fluffy and pale in color. Add egg, milk, and vanilla and beat until combined, then add flour mixture gradually until totally combined.
Shape into a disk and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate 1 hour.
When ready to roll, preheat oven to 350º. Lightly flour a clean work surface and roll out dough until 1/8” thick. Cut out shapes and transfer to parchment-lined baking sheets. Freeze 10 minutes (so your shapes hold while baking!).
Bake until edges are lightly golden, 8 to 10 minutes.
Transfer to a cooling rack.
Once cool, frost.


1  tube chocolate chip cookie dough
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp. coconut oil (or butter)
1  part Baileys Irish Cream
1  part milk
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease the cups of a muffin tin, then fill each one with a small ball of cookie dough, pressing down gently to form a well. Bake for 10-12 minutes, or until the cookies are lightly golden.
As soon as they’re out, use a shot glass to gently press down the center of each cookie. Set tray aside to cool for at least 20 minutes.
In a microwave-safe bowl, combine chocolate chips and coconut oil. Microwave in 25-second intervals, stirring in between, until chips are fully melted. Line each cookie dough cup with the melted chocolate, place on a baking sheet or platter, and refrigerate until the chocolate has hardened, about 15 minutes.
In a shaker filled with ice, combine equal parts Baileys Irish Cream and milk. Shake, then pour into each cookie shot glass.


1 1/4 c. butter
1 1/4 c. sugar
1/2 tsp. vanilla
pinch of kosher salt
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1/2 c. Toasted chopped almonds
1/2 c. toasted chopped pecans
Flaky sea salt, for garnish
In a saucepan over medium heat, combine butter, sugar, vanilla, and salt. Let butter melt and then cook, stirring constantly with a spatula (so the butter and sugar don't separate!), until mixture turns a dark amber, 12 to 15 minutes. (This can take closer to 20 minutes if you're heat is not high enough. Increase the heat and keep stirring until the color turns. Don't give up! If you'd like to use a candy thermometer for this step, attach it to the saucepan and cook until the temperature reaches 285º, or hard crack stage.) Toffee mixture should be dark in color and very thick.
Pour toffee mixture onto a parchment-lined baking sheet and immediately top all over with chocolate chips. Let sit 2 minutes so chocolate begins to melt, then spread chocolate all over with a spatula to create a layer on top of toffee.
Sprinkle all over with almonds and pecans (use chopped crumbs too for nice texture!) and flaky sea salt.
Refrigerate until set, about 1 hour, then cut or break into pieces and serve.




2  Sticks unsalted butter, softened
1 c. light brown sugar
1/3 c. granulated sugar
2  large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
3/4 tsp. salt
2 c. milk chocolate chips
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. sugar
1  egg
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Make the cookie dough layers: Cream the butter and sugars in a large mixing bowl, beating until they're pale yellow and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Mix in eggs one at a time, then add vanilla, stirring to combine.
Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a separate mixing bowl. Slowly mix the dry ingredients into the butter-sugar mixture. Fold in the chocolate chips. Set aside.
Make cheesecake filling: In a small bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar and egg until smooth. Set aside.
Press half of the cookie dough into a well-greased 8- or 9-inch square pan. (Dust your fingers with flour to keep the dough from sticking to your hands.) Spread cheesecake filling over dough. Crumble and sprinkle remaining half of dough over cheesecake layer.
Bake 35-40 minutes, or until golden brown and firm to the touch. Cool 30 minutes. Refrigerate 2 hours or until chilled. Cut into bars and serve.


2 1/4 c. flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. salt
1 1/2  sticks butter, softened
3/4 c. granulated sugar
3/4 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. peanut butter
2  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1/2 c. peanut butter chips
3/4 c. Reese’s Minis Peanut Butter Cups
Preheat oven to 350º and line baking sheet
with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking soda
and salt. Set aside.
In a bowl of an electric mixer, beat butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add peanut butter and mix. Add eggs, one at a time, until incorporated, then add vanilla. Add flour mixture in batches until fully incorporated. (Mixture will be dry.)
Using a rubber spatula, fold in chocolate and peanut butter chips and mini peanut butter cups.
Scoop out dough with a small cookie scoop onto baking sheet. Bake until golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool.


1 c. butter, softened
1 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
2  eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extraact
1 1/2 c. flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. nutmeg
1/2 tsp. salt
1 c. shredded carrots
1/2 c. unsweetened shredded coconut
1/2 c. raisins
2 c. old-fashioned oats
1 c. powdered sugar
1 oz. cream cheese, at room temperature
1 tbsp. milk
1/4 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350º and line a baking sheet
with parchment. In a bowl of an electric mixer, beat butter and sugars until
light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, until incorporated, then add
vanilla. In a separate bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, cinnamon,
nutmeg, and salt. Add dry ingredients to butter mixture until well-combined.
Stir in carrots, coconut, raisins, and oats and
mix until just combined.
Scoop 1” rounds of dough onto baking sheet. Bake
until golden, 13 to 15 minutes.  Let
cool.
Make glaze: Beat together cream cheese,
powdered sugar, milk and vanilla until combined. Drizzle glaze over each cookie
and let harden before serving.


2 c. all-purpose flour
3/4 c. cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. salt
1 c. butter, softened
2/3 c. sugar
2/3 c. brown sugar
2  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
1 3/4 c. semisweet chocolate chips, divided
1 c. dark chocolate chips
1 c. heavy cream
Flaky sea salt, for garnish
Preheat oven to 350º and line a baking sheet
with parchment.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa
powder, baking soda, and salt.
In a bowl of an electric mixer, beat
together butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time,
until incorporated, then add vanilla. Add dry ingredients until well-combined.
Mix in 1 cup semisweet chips and dark chocolate chips.
Scoop out dough with a small cookie scoop onto
baking sheet. Bake until centers are set, 9 to 11 minutes. Let cool.
Make ganache: Place chocolate chips in a bowl. In small saucepan, heat heavy cream over low heat until small bubbles form around the edges. Pour hot cream over chocolate chips and let sit 5 minutes. Stir until smooth.
Dip cookies halfway into chocolate mixture and sprinkle dipped side with flaky salt. Let harden before serving.


40  oreos
1 8- oz. block cream cheese, softened
16 oz. semisweet or melting chocolate
1/3 c. Oreo cookies, crushed (or cocoa powder)
Using
a food processor fitted with the blade attachment, grind Oreos into crumbs.Transfer
crumbs to a medium bowl and add cream cheese. Use a fork to mix until well
combined.
Using
about one tablespoon of the mixture per ball, form misshapen balls of the Oreo
mixture. Place them on a plate and into the fridge for about 30 minutes to 1
hour to firm up.
Microwave
melting chocolate in 10 to 15 second increments until melted and smooth. Using
a fork or toothpick, dip each Oreo ball into the melted chocolate, then set onto
parchment paper. Sprinkle immediately with crushed Oreos, if using, or let dry completely.
If using cocoa powder, once
firm, dip your fingers into the cocoa and lightly rub onto Oreo balls to
complete the “coal” look. Store
balls in the fridge until ready to serve.


3/4 c. unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 c. sugar
1  egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. almondt extract
2 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. butter
4 c. powdered sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2-3 tbsp. water or milk
Green gel icing color
2-3 tbsp. red and white pearl sprinkles
16-18  yellow star sprinkles
Preheat
oven to 350º and line two cookie sheets with parchment.
Cream
butter and sugar together until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Mix
in egg and vanilla and almond extracts.         In a separate bowl, whisk together dry ingredients. Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and mix until smooth. Dough will be thick.
Make
three sizes of cookie dough balls: 1 teaspoon, 2 teaspoons, and 3 teaspoons. (You
should have an even number of each.) Place
medium and large cookies on a cookie sheet and press down slightly on each.
Bake until center looks mostly cooked, 7 to 8 minutes. Place smallest balls of
dough on another cookie sheet and press down slightly. Bake until center looks
mostly cooked, 5 to 6 minutes. When
cookies are done, remove from oven and let cool 2 to 3 minutes, then transfer
to a cookie rack to finish cooling.
Make
frosting: Beat butter until smooth. Add half the powdered sugar and mix until
smooth. Add vanilla and 2 tablespoons water and mix until smooth. Add remaining
powdered sugar and mix until smooth. Add
green gel icing color to frosting and mix until your desired shade of green.
Assemble cookies: Get one size of each cookie. Fit a piping bag with a medium sized star piping tip (I used Wilton 32) and fill bag with green frosting.
Pipe
a swirl of frosting onto the largest cookie, then add the second medium sized
cookie on top. Pipe a swirl of frosting onto the second cookie, then top with
the smallest cookie. Pipe a swirl on top of the final cookie and decorate with
a star and round ornament sprinkles.           Continue building cookie trees, then refrigerate until ready to serve.


1  tube sugar cookie dough
1/2 c. flour
1  container black cookie icing
6  packages Reese’s Big Cups
1  jar peanut butter (16 oz or less)
1  jar peanut butter (16 oz or less)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, combine cookie dough and flour. Roll out to 1/4” thick, then use a paring knife to draw the shape of a heeled leg for each cookie (or trace them, using the stencil we created in the PDF above). Bake for 10-11 minutes, or until cookies are lightly golden around the edges. Set aside to cool.
Use the black cookie icing to draw a heel on the leg lamp, as well as a crosshatch design to mimic the fishnet stockings. Place in the refrigerator to harden, about 10 minutes.
Remove Reese’s cups from wrappers, slice each in half length-wise. Dab a little peanut butter on the cut side of each Reese’s cup, then gently press it against the top of the sugar cookie.
Coat the Reese’s cup with yellow icing, using a small silicone spatula or pastry brush to spread it, filling in the crevices on the peanut butter cup, so it looks like the yellow lampshade. Place in the refrigerator to cool, about 10 minutes.


3/4 c. cup unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/2 c. sugar
1/2 c. brown sugar
1  large egg
2 tsp. vanilla
2 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/3 c. crushed potato chips
1/3 c. Crushed Pretzels
1/3 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
3 tbsp. red and green sprinkles
Flaky sea salt, for garnish
Preheat
oven to 350º and line two cookie sheets with parchment.
Cream
together butter and sugars until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes.
Mix
in egg and vanilla.
In
another large bowl, whisk flour, baking soda, and salt. Add dry ingredients to wet
and mix until smooth. Dough will be thick.
Gently
stir in chips, pretzels, chocolate chips, and sprinkles.
Make
tablespoon size balls of dough. Slightly press them down onto the cookie sheet
and sprinkle with sea salt.
Bake
until edges are just starting to get golden, 7 to 8 minutes.
Remove
from oven and let cool 2 to 3 minutes, then transfer to cooling rack to cool
completely.


6 oz. cream cheese, softened
2 tbsp. powdered sugar
2 c. shortbread cookies, crushed
2 c. Caramel
1 c. sweetened shredded coconut, toasted
Melted chocolate, for drizzling
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar together until smooth and fluffy, 2 minutes. Stir in crushed shortbread cookies until completely combined. Using a small cookie scoop, form balls of the mixture. Refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes.
In a small bowl, stir together caramel and toasted coconut. Dip each ball into mixture until completely coated.
Refrigerate 30 minutes more to let caramel set.
Drizzle with melted chocolate.


1  (16.5-oz.) tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough
Christmas sprinkles
Hot cocoa, for serving (optional)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Scoop about 1 tablespoon of dough to roll into a small ball. Repeat until all the cookie dough is used. Roll the cookie dough balls in sprinkles. Then insert popsicle sticks into the cookie dough balls. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Bake according to package instructions, usually about 12-15 minutes Let cool for at least 10 minutes before serving. Serve with hot cocoa, if desired.


24  whole Oreo cookies
6 tbsp. melted butter
Pinch kosher salt
4  (8-oz.) packages of cream cheese, softened to room temperature
3/4 c. granulated sugar
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
4  large eggs
1/4 c. cocoa powder
9 oz. bittersweet chocolate, chopped and melted
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 1/2 c. chocolate chips
3/4 c. heavy cream
Chocolate shavings, for garnish
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and position an oven rack in the middle of the oven.
Make crust: In a large Ziploc bag or a food processor fitted with a metal blade, crush or blend Oreos until fine crumbs form. Transfer to a bowl and pour in melted butter. Add salt and stir until crumbs are completely coated and moist.
Make cheesecake: In a large bowl using a hand mixer (or in the bowl of a stand mixer using the paddle attachment), beat cream cheese, sugars, cocoa powder and salt until smooth. Add eggs one a time, beating well between each addition. Fold in melted chocolate.
Coat a 9" springform pan with cooking spray and press Oreo mixture into pan and 1/3 of the way up the sides, packing tightly. Pour cheesecake filling over crust.
Bake until cheesecake is only slightly jiggly in the center, 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes. (If you want to use a water bath to ensure cheesecake top does not crack, wrap the outside of the pan in aluminum foil and place in a baking dish. Place on oven rack and pour in enough boiling water to reach halfway up the pan. Follow baking instructions.) If using a water bath, remove pan from water and unwrap foil. Refrigerate cheesecake until totally chilled, at least 4 hours and up to overnight.
Make ganache: Place chocolate chips in a medium, heatproof bowl and set aside. Heat heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat. When bubbles begin to break the surface around the edges of the pan, turn off the heat. Pour the hot cream over chocolate chips, whisking constantly until the sauce is smooth.
Pour ganache on top of the cheesecake. Garnish with chocolate shavings. Return to the refrigerate for about 10 more minutes to let the ganache set.


1  tube refrigerated biscuit dough
1 c. butter, melted (divided)
1/2 c. packed brown sugar
1/2 c. cinnamon sguar
1 c. Pecan halves
Whisk together ½ cup melted butter and brown sugar in a medium bowl until smooth. Spread half of the mixture into the bottom of a slow cooker. Sprinkle about half of the pecans over the mixture.
Add remaining melted butter to shallow bowl and pour cinnamon sugar into a separate shallow bowl. Dunk each biscuit dough round into butter then toss in cinnamon sugar. Place biscuits on top of pecans. Spread the remaining butter and brown sugar mixture over the biscuit dough. Then sprinkle with remaining pecans. Cook on high heat until the dough is cooked through, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
Run a butter knife along the edges of the sticky buns in the slow cooker. Very carefully, invert the sticky buns all at once onto a serving platter. Serve warm.


1  large loaf challah, cubed
1/4 c. light brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. cinnamon
1 c. heavy cream
1 c. whole milk
6  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
2 tbsp. butter
4  Granny smith apples, peeled and chopped
1/2 c. caramel sauce, divided
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Spread challah cubes on a large baking sheet and bake until the bread is toasted, about 10 minutes.
Whisk together milk, eggs, vanilla, cream, granulated sugar and cinnamon. Soak toasted bread cubes in the milk and egg mixture.
Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Sauté apples with brown sugar and 1/4 cup caramel until tender and bubbly.
Mix most of apple pieces into bread-custard mixture. Transfer bread pudding mixture to prepared pan. Arrange remaining apples atop bread pudding. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Drizzle with more caramel sauce.


Butter, for baking dish
Flour, for baking dish
1  box vanilla cake mix, plus ingredients called for
1/2 c. sweetened condensed milk
1 1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
16 oz. cream cheese, at room temperature
1/2 c. butter, softened
1/2 c. ricotta
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. powdered sugar
1 c. broken cannoli shells (available at most bakery counters) or waffle cones
Preheat oven to 350º and butter and flour a 9-x-13” baking dish. Prepare cake mix according to package directions.
Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 22 minutes. Let cake cool slightly, then using the bottom of a wooden spoon or a straw, poke holes all over cake.
Pour sweetened condensed milk inside holes and add 1 cup mini chocolate chips. Refrigerate 30 minutes.
Make frosting: In a large bowl using a hand mixer or a stand mixer fit with the paddle attachment, beat cream cheese and butter. Add ricotta, vanilla, and add powdered sugar and beat until completely combined and no clumps remain. Top all over with remaining mini chocolate chips and cannoli shells and serve.


1  box brownie mix (plus ingredients box calls for)
24  oreos
1 1/2  logs store-bought cookie dough
1 1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
3/4 c. hot heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350º and line a 12-cup muffin tin with cupcake liners.
Prepare brownie batter according to box instructions. In each cupcake liner, add an Oreo. Top with a tablespoon-size ball of cookie dough and top with another Oreo.
Pour over brownie batter mix until each is almost full, fully covering the top Oreo.
Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the brownie cup comes out almost clean, 20 to 22 minutes.
Let cool, then make ganache: In a small heatproof bowl, add chocolate chips. Pour over hot heavy cream and let stand 3 minutes, then whisk until smooth and no clumps remain.
Spoon ganache over each cupcake and serve.


1  bag pretzel squares
1  bag miniature peanut butter cups, like Reese's
1  bag Reese's Pieces candy
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Place rows of pretzel squares on the parchment paper, keeping each pretzel about 1/2" apart. Top each pretzel with a mini Reese's cup. Bake for about 2 minutes, or until the peanut butter cup has softened without melting into a puddle of chocolate.
Top each treat with a Reese's Pieces candy, smooshing it slightly. Cool before serving.


24 oz. semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 c. popped popcorn
1 c. Crushed Pretzels
1/2 c. Jelly beans
Microwave chocolate in 30-second intervals, stirring in between, until melted. Pour onto a parchment-lined baking sheet with edges (or jelly roll pan), spreading with a spatula until evenly coated.
Top with popcorn, pretzels and jelly beans, pressing them down to secure them in the chocolate. Place the baking sheet in the refrigerator to set, about 25 to 30 minutes.


2 3/4 c. flour
1/4 tsp. salt
1 c. butter
1 1/2 c. sugar
1  egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 c. jarred caramel
1 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips, melted
Line a baking sheet with parchment. In a small
bowl, whisk together flour and salt.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat together
butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Add flour
mixture and mix until completely combined.
Scoop out dough and roll into 1" balls. Place
balls about 2" apart on baking sheet and use a teaspoon measure or your thumb to press a small divot
into each ball. Freeze 30 minutes and preheat oven to 350º.
Bake cookies until golden, 13 to 15 minutes. Let cool.
Fill each cooled cookie cup with 1 teaspoon
caramel and lightly drizzle with melted chocolate.


1  box Funfetti cake mix
1 tsp. baking powder
2  large eggs
1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. rainbow sprinkles
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, combine cake mix and baking powder. Add eggs, butter, and vanilla. Fold in sprinkles. Scoop out dough with a small cookie scoop and place on a baking sheet, about 1" apart.
Bake until slightly golden, 12 to 13 minutes. Let cool.


1 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. powdered sugar
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 c. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. red and green nonpareils or sprinkles
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
In food processor, combine flour, sugar, salt, vanilla, and butter until combined. Place dough in bowl and knead until it comes together.Add nonpareils and knead to combine.
On waxed paper, roll dough into a ½”-thick square. Freeze 15 minutes. Cut dough into 1/2-inch squares. Place dough onto large cookie sheet.
Bake until cookies are light brown, 18 to 20 minutes.


3/4 c. unsalted butter, softened
1/2 c. light brown sugar, lightly packed
1/2 c. sugar
1  large egg
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. salt
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 1/4 c. powdered sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 c. sugar
Preheat
oven to 350 degrees F and line two cookie sheets with parchment. Cream butter and sugars
until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Mix
in egg and vanilla extract.
In
another bowl, whisk dry ingredients, then add dry ingredients to wet
ingredients and mix until smooth. Dough will be thick.
Place
tablespoon balls of dough onto parchment-lined cookie sheet. Bake
until edges are starting to brown, 7 to 8 minutes.
Remove
from oven and let cool 2 to 3 minutes, then transfer to a cooling rack to cool
completely.
Make
frosting: Beat cream cheese until smooth. Add powdered sugar and vanilla and mix
until smooth.
Put
sugar into a small bowl. Spread some frosting onto tops of each cookie, then
press into granulated sugar, coating frosting with sugar.
Just
before serving, use a kitchen torch to caramelize sugar on top, then set aside to
cool. If you don’t have a kitchen torch, heat broiler and broil cookies until
sugar caramelizes, 1 to 2 minutes (watch carefully!).


Butter, for baking dish
Flour, for baking dish
1  box devil's food cake mix (plus ingredients it calls for)
1  10-ounce jar caramel, plus more for drizzling
3 tbsp. heavy cream
2 c. Toasted sweetened shredded coconut
1 c. melted chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9-x-13" baking dish. Prepare chocolate cake mix according to box instructions. Pour into prepared baking dish and bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 26 to 28 minutes.
Let cake cool 15 minutes, then use the tip of a wooden spoon to gently poke holes all over cake.
In a small saucepan, combine jar of caramel and heavy cream. Heat over low, stirring, until completely combined and warmed through.
Pour all over cake, making sure caramel seeps into poke holes.
Top with a full layer of toasted coconut, then drizzle with melted chocolate (stir in a couple drops of vegetable oil if too thick to drizzle) and more caramel.
Let stand 10 minutes, then slice and serve.


24 oz. semi-sweet chocolate
1/2 c. peanut butter, warmed
1 c. crushed potato chips
1 c. Crushed Pretzels
2/3 c. M&Ms;
Line a baking dish or sheet with parchment. In a small glass bowl, heat dark chocolate in the microwave on low heat, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted. Pour into prepared dish, spreading with a spatula to fully cover the bottom of the dish.
Drizzle over peanut butter and drag a toothpick over the peanut butter in the opposite direction of the drizzle, creating a swirl. Top with chopped chips, pretzels, and candy and transfer to the refrigerator to let firm up, 1 hour. Break into pieces and serve.
Store leftovers in the refrigerator. (The peanut butter will start to melt!)


12 oz. white chocolate, melted
1 c. sweetened condensed milk
1/2 tbsp. pumpkin pie spice, plus more for dusting
In a large bowl, mix together melted white chocolate and
sweetened condensed milk. Add pumpkin pie spice and cinnamon and stir until
combined.
Using
a spatula, transfer fudge into a parchment-lined glass baking dish and
smooth over top. Sprinkle with more pumpkin pie spice and let sit until
firm. (Transfer to the fridge to speed up the process.) Cut into squares.


3 c. graham cracker crumbs (about 20 full graham cracker sheets), plus more for garnish
12 tbsp. butter, melted
2 tbsp. sugar
1  box vanilla cake mix (plus ingredients called for on the box)
1  (15-oz.) can pumpkin purée
1  (11-oz.) bag chocolate chips
3/4 c. heavy cream
12  marshmallows
Preheat oven to 350º. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with cupcake
liners.
Meanwhile, combine graham cracker crumbs, butter,
sugar, and salt in small bowl. Press about 1 tablespoon of the mixture
into each cupcake liner to make mini crusts.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the yellow cake mix with canned pumpkin. Top graham cracker crusts with batter.
Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 22 minutes.
Let cool slightly while you make ganache: Add chocolate chips to a heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan over low heat, heat heavy cream just until it bubbles. Pour over chocolate chips and let stand 2 minutes, then whisk until smooth.
Top each cupcake with a spoonful of ganache, letting some drip down the sides, then add a marshmallow and return to oven. Bake until marshmallow is golden, about 5 minutes more.
 Garnish with graham cracker crumbs.  


2 tbsp. butter
3  Granny Smith apples, finely chopped
1/4 c. sugar
1/4 c. brown sugar
1 tbsp. cinnamon
1/2 tbsp. ground nutmeg
1 tbsp. corn starch
Juice of 1/2 lemon
Flour, for work surface
2  refrigerated pie crusts (such as Pillsbury)
1 c. caramel (warmed in microwave to make spreadable if necessary)
Egg wash, for brushing
2 tbsp. cinnamon sugar, for sprinkling
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Make
Roll out refrigerated
Spread the second pie crust with caramel.
Top with
Top half the lattice strips going one direction and then top the remaining half going the other direction.
Use a cookie or biscuit cutter to cut small rounds. Transfer to parchment-lined baking sheet. Discard scraps.
Brush cookies with egg wash and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar.
Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes.


1  can sweetened condensed milk
3 c. chocolate chips, melted
2  boxes chocolate cake mix
2/3 c. melted butter
4  large eggs
2 tsp. teaspoons vanilla
Powdered sugar, for serving
Make fudge centers. Whisk together the chocolate chips and sweetened condensed milk until evenly combined. It will become hard to stir. Scoop small balls and place on a parchment-lined pan. Transfer pan to the freezer and freeze until the fudge is hard, about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously grease a standard 12-cup muffin tin and set aside.
Beat together the cake mix, butter, eggs and vanilla until completely combined. The batter will be very thick. Spoon a thin layer of the the batter into the bottom of each muffin cup. Add the frozen fudge balls. Cover the fudge centers with another layer of batter. Bake for 12-14 minutes. Remove and allow to cool slightly before removing from tins.
Sprinkle with powdered sugar and enjoy warm!


1 c. flour
1 c. sugar
1 c. fruit cocktail (juice and all)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, sugar and fruit cocktail (including the juice). Pour into a well-greased 8" by 8" baking dish, or an 8-inch cast iron skillet. Bake for about 20-25 minutes, or until it's—as Truvy would say—"gold and bubbly."
Top with vanilla ice cream, to "cut the sweetness," of course.


12 tbsp. butter, softened (divided); plus more for greasing pan
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1  large egg
1 tsp. vanilla
1/2 c. sour cream
1 1/2 c. flour (divided)
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
1 c. peeled, cored and chopped apples (about 1/2" pieces)
1/3 c. caramel sauce, warmed
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour an 8" x 8” baking dish.
Make Batter:
Make Streusel Topping:
Pour the batter into the prepared baking pan then top with streusel. Bake until the top is golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Drizzle with caramel sauce then let cool for about 10 minutes.
Serve warm or at room temperature.


3 c. heavy cream
1/2 c. sugar
3 tbsp. cocoa powder
1 tbsp. espresso powder
2 tsp. vanilla extract
24  old-fashioned donuts
1 11-oz. bag semisweet chocolate chips
3/4 c. heavy cream
Rainbow sprinkles, for decorating
In a large bowl or a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, combine heavy cream, sugar, cocoa powder, espresso powder, and vanilla extract and whip until soft peaks form.
Spread a thin layer on a cake plate or stand. Top with a ring of five donuts, then break up one and place pieces in the center to make a full even layer.
Top with a layer of mocha cream, making sure to get it into the donut holes and slightly spilling over tops, then top with another with donuts. Repeat until you have four layers, ending with whipped cream.
Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 6 hours.
When ready to serve, make ganache topping: In a small heatproof bowl, add chocolate chips. Pour over hot heavy cream and let stand 2 minutes. Whisk until combined and creamy. Drizzle over cake and top with sprinkles.
Slice and serve.


1  log refrigerated chocolate chip cookie dough (such as Pillsbury)
20  Oreos, plus more crushed for topping
2 8-oz bars cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. sugar
2  large eggs
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
pinch of salt
Warm caramel, for drizzling
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 8-x-8" baking dish with parchment paper or aluminum foil leaving a 2" overhang. Press cookie dough into bottom of baking dish.
Top with a layer of Oreos (break them up to form a single layer) and set aside.
Make cheesecake layer: In a medium bowl using a handheld mixer or stand mixer using the paddle attachment, beat cream cheese, sugar, eggs, vanilla extract, and salt.
Pour over Oreo layer and smooth top.
Top with more crushed Oreos and bake until the center is only
Refrigerate until completely chilled, at least 3 hours and up to overnight.
Remove cheesecake bars from baking dish and slice.
Drizzle with warm caramel and serve.


6 oz. cream cheese, softened
2 tbsp. butter, softened
1/4 c. plus 2 tbsp. peanut butter
2 tbsp. powdered sugar
2 tbsp. brown sugar
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
Pinch kosher salt
1 c. old-fashioned rolled oats, toasted (optional)
1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
1/2 c. M&Ms;
Graham crackers, for serving
Pretzels, for serving
Combine cream cheese, butter, peanut butter, powdered sugar, brown sugar, vanilla, and salt in a medium bowl. Beat with an electric mixer until the mixture is smooth and fluffy.
For toasted oats (optional), heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add oats and toast, stirring occasionally, until the oats begin to turn golden and smell nutty, about 5 minutes.
Fold in the oats, M&Ms;, and chocolate chips. Serve dip with pretzels chips and apples.


2/3 c. powdered sugar
1/3 c. granulated sugar
4  egg whites
1/8 tsp. cream of tartar
1/8 tsp. salt
1 tsp. raspberry extract
5  drops pink food coloring
Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.
Mix the sugars and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, add egg whites. Beat until foamy, then add cream of tartar and salt.
Start adding sugar to the mixture slowly, 1 tablespoon at a time. Add raspberry extract and beat to incorporate. After this, the egg whites should appear stiff and glossy.
Transfer mixture to a piping bag fitted with a large star tip. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Pipe meringues into about 24 ribbon shapes.
Bake for 1 hour exactly, then turn off the oven and let the meringues sit for 3 hours, and up to 8. Don't open the oven door until then!


1  Red velvet cake mix (plus ingredients required by package)
2  (15-oz) cans of sweetened condensed milk
12 oz. cream cheese, softened to room temperature
6 tbsp. unsalted butter, softened
2 1/4 c. confectioners' sugar
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-x-13” pan and sprinkle with flour. Prepare cake mix according to box instructions. Pour into prepared baking dish and bake until a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean, about 25 minutes.
Cool the cake for at least 20 minutes in the pan. Then poke big holes across entire surface of the cake using the rounded end of the wooden spoon. Pour sweetened condensed milk over the entire surface of the cake and spread with a spatula to make sure it pours into the holes. Cover and refrigerate for two hours. 



3 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. salt
1 c. sugar, divided
1/2 c. brown sugar
12 tbsp. butter, melted (divided)
2 tbsp. plus 1 tsp. cinnamon
2  eggs, lightly beaten
1 c. milk
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 24-cup mini muffin tin with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. Add brown sugar, 1/2 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon of cinnamon. Whisk to combine. Add egg, milk and 8 tablespoons butter and stir until the mixture is smoother.
Scoop rounded tablespoons of batter into the greased muffin tin. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin comes about clean, about 12 minutes. Let muffins cool slightly in pan for about 5 minutes then carefully remove them from the pan.
Mix the remaining 1/2 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons of cinnamon in a shallow bowl. Dunk each muffin in the remaining melted butter then toss in cinnamon-sugar mixture.


1  can refrigerated biscuits, such as Pillsbury Grands
Vegetable oil, for frying
1/2 c. sugar
1 c. chocolate chips, melted
1/4 c. rainbow nonpareils or sprinkles
Roll out each biscuit until 3 to 4" long. Slice into strips.
Heat 1" vegetable oil in a large pot over medium-high heat until slightly bubbling. Add biscuit strips and fry until golden, turning once, 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate.
Roll donut strips in sugar and dip in melted chocolate, then top with sprinkles. Serve immediately.


8 oz. cream cheese
1 c. sour cream, at room temperature
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. (2 sticks) unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan
2 1/2 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
2 tsp. pumpkin spice
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
1  egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1  (15-oz.) can unsweetened pumpkin purée
Make the Cream Cheese Topping: 
Make the Blondie Base: 
Whisk the flour,
pumpkin spice, and salt in a small bowl until well combined.
In a separate
large bowl, whisk the melted butter and brown sugar until smooth. Whisk in the egg
and vanilla extract. Scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl with a rubber
spatula. Whisk in the pumpkin puree and scrape the sides down again. Whisk in
the flour mixture until no streaks remain.
Reserve about 1/2 cup of the blondie batter and spread the rest evenly in
the prepared pan. Spread the cream cheese topping on top of the blondie
batter, leaving a 1/2" border. Dollop the reserved blondie batter over top,
then use a chopstick, butter knife, or toothpick to swirl the blondie batter
and cream cheese layers together. Be careful not to overmix—the idea is to get
pretty swirls of the two without combining them too much.
Bake the
blondies until a toothpick inserted in the center comes
out with just a few crumbs, 40 to 50 minutes. Cool completely in the pan, then cut into bars and
serve.


1 1/4 c. boiling water
1/2 c. Bailey's Irish Liqueur
2 tbsp. instant espresso powder
3/4 c. plus 2 tbsp. granulated sugar, divided
1 1/2 tsp. pumpkin spice, divided, plus more for garnish
1 lb. mascarpone cheese (2 c.)
1  (15-oz.) can unsweetened pumpkin purée
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. heavy whipping cream
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
36  ladyfingers (from 2 7-oz. packages)
Chocolate shavings, for garnish
Stir together
water, Bailey’s, espresso powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin spice in a shallow bowl until the sugar
dissolves.  Let cool while you make the
pumpkin filling.
Combine the
mascarpone, pumpkin, vanilla, remaining pumpkin spice, and remaining granulated sugar in a medium bowl. Beat with an electric
mixture until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is fluffy.
In a separate large bowl, use an electric mixer
to whip the cream and confectioners sugar until stiff peaks form.
Dip half of the
ladyfingers in the cooled coffee mixture, making sure both sides are coated but
the ladyfingers aren’t soaked through.
Arrange the
ladyfingers in neat rows in a 3-quart 9"-x-13" dish. Spread half
of the pumpkin mixture, then half the whipped cream over the cookie layer. Repeat with remaining
ladyfingers, pumpkin mixture, and whipped cream. Cover and refrigerate at least
6 hours and up to overnight.
Take the
tiramisu out of the refrigerator 30 minutes before serving. Garnish with
chocolate shavings and a sprinkle of pumpkin spice.


2  (15-oz.) cans unsweetened pumpkin purée
3  large eggs, at room temperature
1 c. sugar
2/3 c. evaporated milk
1/2 tbsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 c. (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan
2 1/2 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled, plus more for the pan
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 1/2 c. granulated sugar
3  large eggs, at room temperature
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. whole milk
Powdered sugar, for dusting
Make Pumpkin Filling:
Make Yellow Cake:
Whisk flour,
baking powder, and salt in a small bowl.
In a separate
large bowl, beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer on high until
light and fluffy, 5 to 7 minutes. Scrape down sides and beat in eggs one at a time until incorporated, scraping between each addition. Beat in
vanilla.
Add 1/3 of the
flour mixture to the butter-egg mixture, beating until just combined. Scrape
down sides and add half the milk. Beat until combined, then repeat,
alternating with the flour and milk, ending with the final 1/3 of the flour.
Scrape batter into prepared pan, smoothing with an offset spatula or a kitchen
knife. Pour pumpkin filling over the center of the cake and smooth (it can reach the sides, but the best results are when some cake batter still shows). Bake until the
cake is golden brown and the pumpkin filling no longer jiggles in the center,
65 to 75 minutes.
Let cool
completely. Dust with powdered sugar before serving.


2 c. coffee ice cream
1/2 c. milk
1/4 c. pumpkin purée
1/2 tsp. pumpkin spice
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
Caramel sauce, for serving
Whipped cream, for serving
Cinnamon stick, for garnish (optional)
Combine ice
cream, milk, pumpkin puree, pumpkin spice, and vanilla in a blender. Blend
until smooth.
Drizzle the inside of a pint glass (or another tall glass) with caramel sauce. Fill the glass with the milkshake, top with whipped cream
and more caramel sauce. Garnish with a cinnamon stick, if desired.


3 c. graham cracker crumbs (about 20 full sheet graham crackers)
12 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
1/2 c. granulated sugar
pinch of salt
devil's food cake mix
1 c. chocolate chips
1/2 c. heavy cream
24  marshmallows
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a two 12-cup muffin tins with cupcake liners.
Meanwhile, combine graham cracker crumbs, butter and sugar in small bowl. Press about 1 tablespoon of the mixture into each cupcake liner to make mini crusts.
Prepare cake mix according to box instructions. Divide batter between cupcake liners and bake for a couple minutes less than the box instructs, about 16 minutes.
While the cupcakes are baking, make a quick ganache. Place chocolate chips in a medium, heatproof bowl and set aside. Heat heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat. When bubbles begin to break the surface around the edges of the pan, turn off the heat. Pour the hot cream over chocolate chips, whisking constantly until the sauce is smooth.
When your cupcakes are almost done baking, pull them out and spoon about a tablespoon of ganache onto each cupcake then top each with a marshmallow. (If it feels unwieldy, place the marshmallow on its side.) Return the tray to the oven and bake—watching closely!—until the marshmallows are golden and very soft, 4-5 more minutes.


16  oreo cookies, crushed
1  box vanilla cake mix (plus required ingredients)
2  sticks butter, softened
5 c. powdered sguar
3  Cookies 'n' Creme bars, melted
1/4 c. milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. mini Oreos (for decorating)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two round 9x9” baking pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper rounds. Butter the top of the parchment and sprinkle with flour.
Prepare cake mix according to package instructions. Fold in crushed Oreos until evenly combined. Divide batter between prepared cake pans and bake according to package instructions, about 25-30 minutes. Let cool completely on cooling racks.
Meanwhile, make the frosting. Beat butter with a hand mixer until the butter is light and fluffy. Then add the melted Cookies ‘n’ Creme bars. Gradually mix in powdered sugar, then add milk and vanilla and beat until smooth.
Top one round cake with frosting, then place the second cake on top of it. Frost the top and sides of the cake. Line the sides of the cake with Oreos to decorate. Top with crushed oreos and garnish with mini Oreos.


4 tbsp. butter
1  (10-oz.) bag mini marshmallows
1/4 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. cereal squares
2 c. broken pretzel sticks
1 c. salted nuts, chopped
Ice cream, for serving
Melt butter in a large pot. Add marshmallows; cook, stirring, until melted. Off heat, stir in vanilla extract, cereal squares, broken pretzel sticks, and salted nuts.
Spray 18 muffin-pan cups with cooking spray, then spray hands with cooking spray. Press mixture into muffin cups to form bowls (use handle of wooden spoon to press mixture into pans).
Let sit 1 hour; remove from pans and fill with ice cream.


4  bananas, halved crosswise
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp. coconut oil
Insert a popsicle stick into the bananas and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Freeze 2 hours.
Meanwhile, set up a double boiler to make chocolate shell. Bring a saucepan of water to a simmer. Add a glass bowl and add chocolate. Stir until melted, then stir in coconut oil.
Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.
Dip frozen bananas completely in chocolate shell.
To make the "G.O.B.,” immediately dip the chocolate-dipped banana in peanuts. To make the “The George Daddy,” sandwich the chocolate-dipped banana between two full chocolate graham crackers.
Place completed bananas back on the parchment-lined baking sheet and return to freezer for another 15 minutes.


1  box brownie mix (plus ingredients required by package)
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 tsp. vanilla
1  egg
1/2 c. sugar
2/3 c. cherries, pitted and quartered
1/2 c. chocolate chips
Butter and flour (for greasing pan)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8"-x-8” baking dish with butter and sprinkle with flour.
Prepare brownie batter according to package instructions.
In a medium bowl, beat the cream cheese, vanilla, egg, and sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Stir in the cherries.
Pour brownie batter into the prepared baking dish. Dollop the cream cheese–cherry mixture over the brownie layer, then run a knife through cream cheese mixture to create a swirled effect.
Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the brownie comes out mostly clean, about 45 minutes. (A few moist crumbs are okay!) Let cool in pan completely, then slice and serve small squares.


Prepared waffle batter
Melted butter, for dunking
1/4 c. sugar
2 tbsp. ground cinnamon
Vanilla ice cream, for serving
Hot coffee, for serving
Prepare waffle batter and cook in waffle maker. Transfer to a cooling rack while you prepare the sugar dredging station.
Add melted butter to shallow bowl, then dunk waffles in the butter until both sides are evenly coated. In a shallow dish, combine sugar and cinnamon. Dunk waffle in cinnamon sugar.
Top waffle with ice cream scoops, then pour hot coffee over the ice cream. Serve immediately.


1  16.5) oz. tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough
rainbow sprinkles
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Scoop about 1 tablespoon of dough to roll into a small ball. Repeat until all the cookie dough is used.
Roll the cookie dough balls in sprinkles. Then insert popsicle sticks into the cookie dough. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Bake according to package instructions, usually about 12-15 minutes
Let cool for at least 10 minutes before serving.


3 c. heavy cream
1  (14.5-oz.) can sweetened condensed milk
1/3 c. Nesquik Chocolate flavor powder
In a large mixing bowl, pour heavy cream. Beat using an electric mixer until stiff peaks form, about 5 to 6 minutes. Mix in the sweetened condensed milk and Nesquik.
Pour mixture into a loaf pan and freeze for at least 4 hours, or until firm. (The texture will be a lot like soft serve.)
Optional: Dust ice cream with a light sprinkling of Nesquik powder before serving.


1 (15.5) oz. package Oreos
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
12 oz. white chocolate chips, melted
Place Oreo cookies in a large resealable plastic bag. Using a rolling pin, crush the cookies until you have fine cookie crumbs.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Combine cookie crumbs with cream cheese in a medium bowl, reserving about a 1/4 cup of cookie crumbs. Using a small cookie scoop, form small bowls with mixture. Place the balls on the baking sheet and freeze until slightly hardened, about 30 minutes.
Dip the frozen balls in melted white chocolate and roll around until the ball is completely coated. Place the truffles on the baking sheet and sprinkle with remaining cookie crumbs. Place in freezer until chocolate hardens, about 15 minutes.


2  dozen vanilla cupcakes
1 tsp. plus 1 tbsp. Mixed Berry Jam
2 1/2 c. vanilla frosting
With paring knife at an angle, cut center from tops of cupcakes. Fill each hole with 1 teaspoon
Into vanilla frosting, stir 1 tablespoon


8  homemade or store-bought biscuits
3 tbsp. whipped cream
1 tbsp. Peach & Honey Jam
Split biscuits. Fill each with whipped cream; top with


4  avocados, peeled and pitted
1 c. lime juice (about 4 juicy limes)
Zest of 2 limes
1 c. maple syrup
2  cans coconut cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 tbsp. coconut oil
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/2  lime, thinly sliced into quarters, for garnish
Combine all ingredients, except lime slices, in a blender. Blend on high until smooth.
Pour into loaf pan and garnish with lime slices. Freeze until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight.


1  tube refrigerated chocolate chip cookie dough
1  pint salted caramel ice cream
1  pint vanilla ice cream
1/2 c. peanut butter, melted
1  bottle chocolate syrup
1  package M&Ms; Minis
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Once the oven's up to the right temperature, place the log of cookie dough in the center of a parchment-lined baking sheet and put it in the oven. Bake for 15 minutes, or until the exterior of the cookie is mostly cooked and the edges are golden brown and crisp.
Once the cookie is out of the oven, let it cool for 3-5 minutes, then carefully transfer the dough log to a platter. Immediately top with ice cream, melted peanut butter, chocolate syrup and mini M&Ms.;
Garnish with cut-out images of '90s heartthrobs (optional, but highly encouraged).


1 c. milk
1  box vanilla instant pudding
16  Golden Oreos (12 whole, 4 crushed)
1/2 c. white chocolate chips
1 box Funfetti cake mix
1 stick butter, thinly sliced
1/4 c. rainbow sprinkles
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl or glass measuring cup, combine milk and vanilla pudding and whisk until thick, 2 minutes.
Spread pudding on the bottom of a 9-x-13" baking dish. Top with a layer of 12 Golden Oreos and sprinkle with white chocolate chips.
Pour cake mix on top and use a fork to level out the mix, breaking up any clumps (especially around the corners).
Top with butter (spread all over) and sprinkle all over with crushed golden Oreos and sprinkles.
Bake until cake mix is completely baked through, 50 to 55 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.


2  boxes brownie mix (plus required ingredients)
2  quarts vanilla ice cream
4  Snickers bars, chopped
1/2 c. hot fudge sauce, warmed
1/2 c. dolce de leche, warmed
Preheat oven to 350 F.



Slice and serve!


8 oz. light cream cheese, softened
3/4 c. pumpkin puree
1 1/2 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
1/2 c. SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1 c. light whipped topping
With an electric mixer or in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle
attachment, beat the cream cheese on medium speed until smooth, about 2
minutes.
Add pumpkin puree, pie spice, and
Using a spatula, fold in whipped topping until just
combined.
Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with toasted pumpkin
seeds. Serve with you favorite seasonal
cookie.


20  square pretzels
1/4 c. creamy peanut butter
20  mini marshmallows
Preheat broiler. Top 10 pretzels with a small spoonful of peanut butter (spread lightly; it’ll leach in the oven) and top each with 2 mini marshmallows.
Broil until golden, 3 to 5 minutes, then sandwich with remaining pretzel for each and press down to form a sandwich.


1 c. cool whip
1/2 c. milk
1/4 c. Nutella
In a medium bowl, whisk together Cool Whip, milk, and Nutella until combined.
Pour mixture into six Dixie Cups.
Top with a small square of tin foil and cover cup. Slice a small slit in each.
Stick a wooden popsicle stick in each and freeze until firm, 3 hours.
When serving, snip off a bit of the cup and peel off pop.


20  ritz
10  Rolos
Preheat broiler. On a baking sheet, place half the Ritz bottom-side down. Top with Rolos and broil until warm and melty, 5 minutes.
Top with remaining Ritz and press down to create a sandwich.


1  (16.5-oz.) tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 1/4 c. creamy peanut butter
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
1/2 c. powdered sugar
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 1/2 c. heavy cream, divided
2/3 c. chocolate chips
1/4 c. melted peanut butter
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Make the Crust:
Make the Filling:
In a separate large bowl, beat 1 cup heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Add half of the peanut butter mixture and beat with a hand mixer until evenly incorporated. Add the remaining peanut butter mixture and beat until fluffy. Spread mixture evenly into the cooled cookie crust. Freeze for 30 minutes, until the peanut butter layer is firm.
Make the Ganache:
Immediately, before the ganache sets, drizzle the melted peanut butter in a spiral pattern around the chocolate layer. Starting at the center of the pie, drag a toothpick gently in a straight line to the edge of the pie. Repeat to continue pattern all the way around the pie to resemble a spider web.
Place pie in freezer for another 15 minutes.  Remove from springform pan; slice and serve cold.


3 c. heavy cream
1 11-oz. can sweetened condensed milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 drops each assorted food coloring (pink, purple, green, blue, yellow)
Sprinkles, for top (optional)
In a large bowl using a hand mixer or a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whisk heavy cream until medium peaks form.
Fold in sweetened condensed milk and vanilla until totally combined, then divide mixture among 5 different bowls.
Add a different color food coloring to each bowl (I used pink, purple, green, blue, and yellow) and stir until combined.
Layer dollops of the colors in a 9-x-5" loaf pan until you run out of the mixture.
Smooth the top and run a knife through the mixture to swirl the colors (don't overmix or else the colors will become muddy; 4-5 swirls should be plenty).
Top with sprinkles (if using) and freeze until firm, 5 hours.
Remove from freezer and let soften, 5 to 10 minutes, then scoop and serve.


2 packages/logs refrigerated chocolate chip cookie dough
1  half-gallon good quality ice cream (no slow-churned)
3 c. mini chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9-inch cake pans with parchment paper. Press each package of cookie dough into the bottom of each pan. Bake both until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let cool, then freeze 30 minutes.
Remove cookies from freezer. Cover one cookie with vanilla ice cream, spreading top to create an even layer. Place other frozen cookie on top and press to push ice cream out to the sides. Smooth the ice cream along the sides, then put back in the freezer for another 2 hours.
Press chocolate chips around the ice cream until completely covered. Then place back in freezer for another hour, or until ready to serve.


1/4 c. bourbon
2 c. mint chocolate chip ice cream
In a blender, combine bourbon with ice cream and blend until desired consistency.
Pour into serving glasses.


1  shortbread crust
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1/4 c. powdered sugar
1 c. Nutella, plus more for garnish
12 oz. Cool Whip, divided
8  Ferrero Rocher chocolates, finely chopped, divided
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, powdered sugar, and Nutella until light and fluffy. Fold in 8 oz. (one container) Cool Whip until fully combined. Add six chopped Ferrero Rocher chocolates and mix to incorporate.
Fill the pie crust with mixture and smooth top. Freeze for 1 hour to set.
To serve, top with remaining Cool Whip. Drizzle with Nutella, then sprinkle over remaining chopped Ferrero Rocher chocolates.


1 c. milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1  6-ounce can frozen orange juice concentrate
1/3 c. sugar (or sugar substitute, check package for equivalence)
1 1/2 c. ice
4 oz. vodka
Combine all ingredients in a blender.
Blend until slushy.
Serve immediately.


1 box brownie mix, plus ingredients required
Cooking spray, for pan
Ice cream, for serving
Chocolate Sauce, for serving
Rainbow sprinkles, for serving
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare brownie batter according to box instructions.
Spray a 12-cup muffin tin with cooking spray. Fill each hole 2/3 full with brownie batter.
Bake until a toothpick has moist crumbs, 20 to 22 minutes.
Immediately upon coming out of the oven, use a shot glass to make a well in each brownie. Let cool 15 minutes.
Serve with ice cream, chocolate sauce, and sprinkles.


1  stick butter, melted
2/3 c. sugar
1/3 c. cocoa powder
1/2 c. flour
1/4 tsp. salt
1/2 c. plain yogurt (Greek or regular)
1  bag mini M&Ms; (optional)
Whisk melted butter and sugar until combined. Stir in cocoa powder, flour, salt, then fold in yogurt, until no streaks of yogurt remain and any lumps in the dip are broken up.
Top with mini chocolate chips or M&Ms.; Serve with sliced apples and pretzels.


1  tube sugar cookie dough
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
1/2 c. thinly sliced almonds
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. As it heats, pour the sugar and cinnamon into a gallon-sized resealable plastic bag. Seal and shake until combined. Set aside.
Open the sugar cookie dough and slice it into about 1/2-inch coins. Roll into balls and place in the bag. Seal and shake until they’re coated. Place each dough ball onto a parchment-lined baking sheet, flattening the slightly into discs. Top with five almond slices, arranged in a star shape with the narrow end pointing toward the center of the cookie (so it looks like a sand dollar).
Bake 10-12 minutes, or until the edges are lightly golden.


1/2 c. butter, melted, plus more for buttering pan
1 1/4 c. flour, plus more for dusting pan
1/2 c. graham cracker crumbs
1 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
3/4 c. sugar
1/4 c. sour cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2  eggs
1 c. chocolate chips
3  super ripe bananas, mashed with a fork
1 c. mini marshmallows
1/2 c. chopped milk chocolate bars
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-x-5" loaf pan then line with parchment paper to create a lengthwise overhang on each long side of the pan. Butter and flour the parchment paper.
In a large bowl, whisk together flour, graham cracker crumbs, baking soda, and salt. In another large bowl, combine sugar, butter, sour cream, vanilla, eggs until smooth. Pour wet ingredients over dry and stir until combined, then add mashed bananas. Fold in chocolate chips, just enough to incorporate.
Transfer batter to prepared baking dish and bake until deeply golden and a toothpick comes out clean, about 60 minutes. Let cool at least 10 minutes, then transfer the loaf to a baking sheet.
Preheat oven to broil. Drizzle the top of the loaf with melted chocolate and cover with marshmallows. Top with chocolate bar pieces and graham crackers. Broil for 1-2 minutes.


2  tubes refrigerated cinnamon rolls, plus icing
1  block cream cheese, softened
1  stick butter, softened
1 c. powdered sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 8" or 9" round cake pans and add 1 tube each cinnamon rolls.
Bake according to package directions until deeply golden. Let cool slightly.
Meanwhile, make filling: In a large bowl, blend together cream cheese, butter, powdered sugar, and vanilla.
On a cake plate, place one layer cinnamon rolls and top with filling. Top with second layer of cinnamon rolls and drizzle with icing.
Slice and serve


2 tbsp. butter
1 3/4 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. sugar
1  egg plus 1 egg yolk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. grated zucchini (from 1 medium zucchini)
1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
3 tbsp. whole milk
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small saucepan over low heat, melt butter and 1 cup chocolate chips.
Remove saucepan from heat and stir in sugar, egg and egg yolk, and vanilla. Fold in grated zucchini.
In a bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Add wet ingredients to dry and stir until totally combined. Pour mixture into a parchment-lined or greased 8-x-8" baking dish or pan.
Bake until moist crumbs cling to toothpick, about 25 minutes. Let cool 1 hour.
Make frosting: In a small saucepan over low heat, heat milk just until it bubbles. Add remaining 3/4 cup chocolate chips to a bowl and pour over milk. Let sit 5 minutes, then whisk until completely melted and no chocolate chunks remain. (Microwave on low for 30 seconds if chunks do remain.)  Pour ganache over brownies and spread with a spatula to create an even layer.
Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Slice into brownies and serve.


1/2  stick butter, softened
1/3 c. brown sugar
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 tsp. vanilla extract
pinch of kosher salt
1/2 c. powdered sugar
1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
1 pt. vanilla ice cream softened
8  sugar ice cream cones
1 c. chocolate chips
2 tbsp. coconut oil
Rainbow sprinkles, for serving
In a medium bowl, combine butter, brown sugar, powdered sugar, cream cheese, vanilla, salt and chocolate chips. Stir until the mixture is smooth. Scoop about 1/4 c. rounds of dough. Freeze for 1/2 hour, or until the cookie dough is firm.
Meanwhile, fill ice cream cones with softened ice cream and level off the top of the cone with a butter knife or spatula. Freeze for 1/2 hour, or until the ice cream is firm.
Make magic shell. Set up a double boiler: Bring a saucepan of water to a simmer. Add a glass bowl and add chocolate. Stir until melted, then stir in coconut oil. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.
To assemble drumsticks, top cones with cookie dough round, pour magic shell over cookie dough and garnish with sprinkles. Serve immediately.




1 qt. whole milk
2 c. heavy cream
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 c. freshly squeezed lemon juice
In a large saucepan over medium heat, add milk and cream. Season with salt. Using a candy thermometer, heat liquid to 200 degrees F.

Line a fine mesh sieve with ultra-fine cheesecloth and set over a large bowl. Pour liquid through sieve and let strain for at least 1 hour.
Serve topped with fresh berries and spicy honey.


1 1/2 qt. cookies n' cream ice cream, softened
2 pt. chocolate ice cream, softened
1 1/2 pt. caramel ice cream, softened
24  oreos
4 tbsp. melted butter
pinch of salt
Freeze an 8” bowl until cold. Scoop the cookies n’ cream ice cream in the bowl and press it against the sides to come all the way up to the top of the bowl. Cover the bottom of a similarly-shaped smaller bowl (about 6 1/2”) in plastic wrap and press it into the ice cream to make the layer even. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour.
Remove the 6 1/2”bowl. Spread an even layer of softened chocolate ice cream on top of the cookies and cream. Cover the bottom of a small bowl (about 4 1/2”) in plastic wrap and press it into the chocolate layer. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour more.
While the second layer is freezing, make Oreo crust. Combine Oreos, butter and salt in a food processor. Pulse until you have fine crumbs.
Remove the 4 1/2” bowl and create the final layer. Scoop enough caramel ice cream to fill the bowl. Press Oreo crust into the top layer of ice cream. Freeze until hard, about 2 hours.
When ready to serve, dip the bowl up to the rim in warm water. Loosen the edges of the bombe by running a knife around the edges of the bowl. Invert onto serving platter. Slice and serve immeditately.


2  boxes Chips Ahoy
3 c. heavy cream
1 (8) oz. block cream cheese, softened
2 tbsp. powdered sugar
In a large Ziploc, crush 15 Chips Ahoy until you have 1 cup crushed. Add crushed cookies to a large bowl and pour over 3 cups heavy cream. Let sit 10 minutes.
Strain heavy cream over mesh strainer; discard crushed cookies.
In a large bowl using a handheld electric mixer, beat cream cheese until fluffy, 1 minute, then add sugar and beat until smooth. Add cookie-infused heavy cream and beat until medium peaks form.
Spread a thin layer of whipped cream on cake plate. Layer a circle of cookies on the plate and two to three in the center (depending on how big your circle is. Break cookies to make a full layer). Spread a layer of whipped cream on top and top with another layer of cookies (alternating so the cookies aren’t placed directly on top). Repeat until you have six layers, ending with whipped cream.
Top with crushed cookies.
Wrap loosely with plastic wrap and transfer to the fridge until very soft, 6 hours.
Slice and serve immediately.


1 c. butter, softened
3/4 c. brown sugar
1/4 c. sugar
2  large eggs
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. kosher salt
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 c. chocolate chips
1  box brownie mix
1 c. all-purpose flour
3  large eggs
1/3 c. plus 1 tbsp. melted butter
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and butter a 12” cast-iron skillet.
In a large mixing bowl, cream butter and sugars until combined and fluffy, 2 minutes. Add eggs and vanilla and mix until combined.
Stir in baking soda, salt, and flour. Add chocolate chips.
In a second large bowl, whisk together brownie mix and flour. Stir in eggs and melted butter until combined.
Transfer chocolate chip cookie dough to skillet and form the yin of a yin yang, using your hands to shape the dough. Add brownie dough and shape the yang. Using a small biscuit or cookie cutter, cut a hole in each and swap the doughs.
Bake until golden, 25 minutes, then let cool slightly in skillet.
Serve slices with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and drizzle with chocolate syrup.


1/2  box Devil’s Food Cake mix
1/2 c. water
6 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
2  eggs
1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened
1 c. confectioners' sugar
1  (7.5-oz) jar Marshmallow Fluff
1 tsp. vanilla extract
pinch of salt
1 1/2 c. chocolate chips
3/4 c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter two 8” round baking pans and line each with parchment paper. Butter the bottom and sides of the pans and dust with flour.
Combine cake mix, water, melted butter and eggs in a medium bowl. Whisk using a hand mixer until smooth. Divide batter between pans. Bake for 15-20 minutes, until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes in the pans, then invert cakes onto cooling racks to cool completely.
While the cake is baking, make filling and ganache. To make filling, combine softened butter, confectioners' sugar, fluff, vanilla and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer. Beat until smooth and fluffy.
To make ganache, place chocolate chips in a medium, heatproof bowl and set aside. Heat heavy cream in a small saucepan over medium heat. When bubbles begin to break the surface around the edges of the pan, turn off the heat. Pour the hot cream over chocolate chips, whisking constantly until the sauce is smooth.
Top one round cake with marshmallow frosting, then place the second cake on top of it. Pour ganache over the cake.


1/2 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. powdered sugar
3 c. vanilla ice cream, softened
rainbow sprinkles, for topping
In a large bowl using a handheld electric mixer, beat cream until medium peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Add sugar and beat 30 seconds more.
Stir in ice cream until completely combined, then transfer mixture to a large resealable bag and freeze until firm, 3 to 4 hours.
Remove ice cream from freezer and knead until soft, 1 minute.
Snip a corner from the bag and pipe into a cone. Top with sprinkles and serve immediately.


5  Large eggs, separated
1  8-oz. block cream cheese, softened
1  14-oz. can sweetened condensed milk
Powdered sugar, for serving (optional)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
In a large mixing bowl using a handheld mixer or stand mixer with paddle attachment, beat cream cheese until smooth, 1 minute. Add sweetened condensed milk and mix 1 minute. Add egg yolks and mix until fully combined, 2 minutes.
In another large mixing bowl, beat egg whites until stiff peaks form, 5 to 6 minutes.
Gently fold egg whites into the sweetened condensed milk mixture until fully combined.
Tightly wrap an 8" or 9” springform pan with aluminum foil and spray insides with cooking spray. Transfer batter to pan, then place the pan in a large baking dish. Pour enough boiling water into the baking dish to reach 1/3 of the way up the outside of the cheesecake pan.
Bake 50 minutes, then turn off heat and let cool in oven for 1 hour. Let cool completely until ready to serve.
Dust with powdered sugar before serving, if desired.


1  box yellow cake mix (plus additional ingredients required)
2  (5.1-oz) packs of instant vanilla pudding
4 c. cold milk
2 c. chocolate chips
1 c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-x-13” pan and sprinkle with flour.
Prepare cake mix according to box instructions. Pour into prepared baking dish and bake until a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool the cake completely.
When the cake is cool, poke big holes across entire surface of the cake using the rounded end of the wooden spoon. Combine pudding mix and milk in a medium bowl and whisk until the mixture just begins to thicken. Pour over the cake and spread with a spatula to make sure the pudding pours into the holes. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours.
After the cake has been refrigerated for 2 hours, make the ganache. Put chocolate chips in a medium glass bowl and set aside. Meanwhile, bring heavy cream to a simmer in a small saucepan. When bubbles start to break the surface, pour the hot cream over the chocolate chips and whisk until the mixture is smooth. Pour the ganache over the pudding layer of the cake and serve.


2 c. NILLA Wafers
4 tbsp. butter, melted
2 tbsp. sugar
1 pt. vanilla ice cream, softened
1 pt. orange sherbet, softened
2 tbsp. orange liqueur (like Cointreau)
2 tbsp. Vanilla Vodka
Make the crust. 
Line a 12-cup standard muffin tin with liners. Fill each liner with about a tablespoon of the the Nilla wafer mixture, and press down to compact the mixture to form a crust.
Spike the ice creams. 
Scoop a heaping tablespoon of the spiked vanilla ice cream into each liner, trying to place the ice cream on one side of the cup. Then scoop the sherbet into the cups to fill the other side. Top the cups off with more ice cream if necessary, the swirl the tops with the back of a spoon to create a swirled effect. 
Freeze overnight or for 5 hours, until the ice cream hardens. 


2 3/4 c. heavy cream
1 7-ounce jar Marshmallow Fluff
1 1/2 c. mini marshmallows
1 11-ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips
1  box graham crackers
Chopped chocolate, for garnish
Make marshmallow cream: Using a stand or hand mixer, beat 2 cups cream until stiff peaks form, 5 minutes. Add marshmallow fluff and keep beating, 3 minutes. Stir in 1 cup mini marshmallows and set aside.
Make ganache: Heat remaining heavy cream until simmering. Remove from heat and pour over chocolate chips in a heat-proof bowl. Let sit 5 minutes, then stir until combined and creamy.
In a 9-x-9" baking dish, spread a thin layer of marshmallow cream layer. Top with one layer graham crackers, then top with a thick layer marshmallow cream and then a layer of ganache. Repeat layers until you reach the top (leave about 1/4").
Garnish with remaining mini marshmallows, crushed graham crackers, and chopped chocolate and cover loosely with plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to overnight.
When ready to serve, heat broiler. Broil 1 minute to toast marshmallows. Freeze 5 minutes to let set and serve.


1  (12-oz.) package white chocolate chips
4  key limes
4 c. Golden Grahams cereal
2 c. mini pretzels
2 c. mini marshmallows
Pour white chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave in 25-second intervals, stirring in between, until fully melted. Zest 3 of the four limes and mix it into the white chocolate.
Pour the cereal, pretzels and marshmallows into a large mixing bowl, stirring to combine. Add white chocolate, tossing until everything’s coated. Pour the mixture onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Spritz with lime juice from the zested limes, then stick in the fridge until set, about 30 minutes.
Break into bite-sized pieces, top with zest from remaining lime, and serve.


3 1/4 c. heavy cream, divided
3 c. Fruity Pebbles cereal, divided
1 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk
1 16½ oz. tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough
Make the cereal “milk.” 
Let steep for 20 minutes, then strain through a fine mesh strainer.
Make the ice cream. 
Bake cookies according to package instructions. Let cool completely.
When ready to assemble sandwiches, take out ice cream from freezer and left soften slightly for 5 minutes. Scoop about 1/4 c. ice cream onto the bottom side of a sugar cookie. Press down on the ice cream with an offset spatula (or butter knife) to evenly cover the cookie. Top ice cream with another sugar cookie, top side facing up. Run a knife around the edges of the cookie sandwich to smooth out the ice cream. Roll the sandwiches in the remaining fruity pebbles. (The cereal should stick to the exposed ice cream.)
Place assembled sandwiches on a platter and freeze until set, about 30 minutes more.


6  jumbo marshmallows
Baileys, for filling
Stick a jumbo marshmallow halfway up a fork and toast over a burner, turning occasionally, until very toasted and warmed through.
Use another fork to help slide the marshmallow off the fork; the center should sink and make a well for marshmallow.
Fill with Baileys and serve.


1  frozen pie crust, defrosted
4 c. blueberries
1 c. sugar
1/4  cornstarch
kosher salt
1/2  stick melted butter
1/4 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. old-fashioned oats
1/2 c. peanut butter
2/3 c. flour
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Toss blueberries with sugar, cornstarch and a pinch of salt. Pour mixture into pie crust.
Meanwhile, make the peanut butter-oat streusel. In a medium bowl, combine butter, brown sugar, oats, peanut butter, cinnamon and flour. Stir with fork until you form small crumbles. Place on top of blueberry mixture.
Bake until the filling is bubbly and the topping is golden brown, about 1 hour. If the streusel is browning too quickly, cover with foil.


2  chocolate chip cookies
2  scoops Neapolitan ice cream
Rainbow sprinkles, for rolling
Top one cookie (flipped upside down) with ice
cream and sandwich with another cookie.
Roll in sprinkles and freeze until firm, 20
minutes.


1  graham cracker
1  scoop chocolate or vanilla ice cream
1/4 c. toasted mini marshmallows
Chocolate sauce, for drizzling
Break graham cracker in half so you have two
squares. Scoop ice cream onto one square and top with toasted marshmallows. Sandwich
with remaining graham cracker square and drizzle with chocolate.


1 c. chocolate chips
1  old-fashioned donut
2  scoops strawberry ice cream
In a microwave-safe bowl, melt chocolate chips
on low in 30-second intervals. Let cool.
Halve donut and scoop ice cream onto donut bottom.
Sandwich with donut top.
Dip half of donut in melted chocolate and
transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet or dish. Freeze until firm, 20
minutes.


1  tube refrigerated cinnamon rolls
1 pt. vanilla ice cream
Bake cinnamon rolls according to package
directions. Let cool completely.
Halve cinnamon rolls. Top each bottom half with
two scoops vanilla ice cream.
Drizzle with icing from package and freeze until
firm, 20 minutes.


1 1/2 c. strawberries, washed, hulled and cut into quarters or eighths
6 oz. white chocolate, broken into small pieces
1/4 tsp. vanilla extract
chocolate ice cream
1/4 c. crisp rice cereal
Place white chocolate in 20-second intervals, until chocolate is almost melted. Stir until no lumps remain, then stir in vanilla extract.
In each of 4 bowls, place 1 scoop chocolate ice cream. Top with strawberries, then drizzle each bowl with about 2 tablespoons white chocolate sauce and sprinkle each with 1 Tbsp. rice cereal.


2  Snickerdoodle cookies
2  scoops vanilla ice cream
Crushed Snickers, for rolling
Scoop ice cream onto one cookie (flipped upside
down). Sandwich with another cookie.
Roll in crushed Snickers and freeze until firm,
20 minutes.


3 tbsp. plus 1/2 c. (1 stick) butter, softened
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
Choice of fruit (see above for measurements)
1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
1/4 tsp. salt
1 c. granulated sugar
3  large eggs
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1/2 c. whole milk
Preheat oven to
350 degrees F.
In 12" heavy skillet
with oven-safe handle,
melt 3 tablespoons butter on
medium, swirling to coat
side of pan. Sprinkle
brown sugar evenly
over butter and continue to cook 1 minute.
Remove from heat.
Add fruit, cut sides
down, to fill entire
bottom of skillet.
In a large bowl, whisk flour, baking powder,
and salt. In another
large bowl, with mixer
on medium speed, beat
remaining 1/2 cup butter
and granulated sugar
until light and fluffy,
scraping side of bowl
occasionally. Beat
in eggs, 1 at a time,
then vanilla until well
blended. With mixer
on low, beat in flour
mixture and milk,
alternating, until
just blended.
Pour batter over
fruit in skillet; gently spread into even layer.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until toothpick
inserted into center
comes out clean. Cool cake in skillet
on wire rack 15 minutes.
Loosen sides of cake
from pan with mini
offset spatula or
paring knife.
Place large serving platter over skillet. Carefully invert
cake onto platter
and remove skillet;
cool slightly to serve
warm or cool 2 hours and serve at room
temperature.


2  frozen waffles
2  scoops vanilla ice cream
Syrup, for drizzling
Toast frozen waffles until warmed through and
crispy, 4 minutes.
Let cool completely, then scoop ice cream on top
of one piece and sandwich with another.
Drizzle with syrup and serve.


1  brick (8 oz.) cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 c. heavy cream, cold
1/4 c. unsweetened cocoa
1 tbsp. espresso powder
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 c. sugar
1  pkg. chocolate wafer cookies
2 oz. melted dark or semisweet chocolate
With mixer on
medium-high speed,
beat cream cheese,
cream, cocoa,
espresso powder,
and vanilla extract
until soft peaks form.
Gradually beat in
sugar until stiff
peaks form.
Line 8 1/2"-x-4 1/2"
loaf pan with plastic
wrap. Line bottom
and sides of pan
with cookies. Add
half of cream mixture
to pan; spread into
even layer. Top with
double layer of
cookies. Repeat with
remaining cream and another double layer
of cookies. (You may
not need to use all
cookies.) Cover pan
with plastic. Refrigerate overnight.
Remove plastic
from pan. Cover with
long serving platter. Invert cake onto
platter. Drizzle with
melted chocolate.
Serve immediately or
refrigerate, covered,
up to 2 days before
serving.


2 c. pancake mix
2 tsp. vanilla extract
milk or water
Vegetable oil, for frying
Confectioners' sugar, for serving
Prepare pancake
mix according to
package instructions,
but omit any eggs,
add vanilla and
decrease amount of
liquid called for (milk
or water) by 1⁄4 cup.
Continue adding liquid 1 tablespoon at a time
until batter is thick
but somewhat runny;
transfer to plastic
squeeze bottle.
In a large heavy-
bottomed pot on
medium-high, heat 1" oil to 360 degrees F on
deep-fry thermometer. Arrange wire
rack over sheet of
waxed paper.
Working quickly,
squeeze batter into
pot in loopy, swirling
patterns to make 3" disks. Fry rounds 2 minutes or until golden
brown, turning once.
With slotted spoon,
transfer to prepared
wire rack. Repeat
with remaining
batter. To serve, dust with sugar.


6 tbsp. chickpea brine (from 15-oz. can chickpeas)
1/4 tsp. cream of tartar
1/2 c. sugar
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
Jam or Whipped Coconut Cream (recipe below), for filling
Berries or chopped nuts for topping
2  cans full-fat coconut milk
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 225 degrees F.
In stand mixer with whisk attachment, beat chickpea brine and cream of tartar on medium for 5 minutes. Continue beating, adding sugar 1 tablespoon at a time. Beat 10 minutes more until medium-stiff, glossy peaks form. Beat in vanilla.
On large parchment-lined baking sheet, spoon 8 large dollops of meringue (3" each), pressing lightly in center to form indent for filling.
Bake 1 hour. Turn off oven; let stand in oven 1 hour. Cool completely.
Meanwhile, make the Whipped Coconut Cream: After refrigerating coconut milk overnight (avoid shaking cans so as to let cream rise to top undisturbed), scoop coconut cream from cans, reserving liquid for another use. Add to large mixing bowl. Add vanilla extract. With mixer with whisk attachment on high speed, beat until stiff peaks form.
To serve, fill with jam or Whipped Coconut Cream; top with berries or nuts. Unfilled pavlovas can be stored in airtight containers at room temperature for up to 1 week.


4 15-ounce cans cream of coconut, plus coconut water
3 c. chopped pineapple, plus more for garnish
1/4 c. Malibu rum
Toasted sweetened coconut, for garnish
Flip over cans of cream of coconut and chill in the fridge at least 3 hours, ideally overnight. When ready to whip, turn right-side-up and open.
Spoon coconut cream into a large bowl and use a hand mixer to beat until creamy. Set aside.
In a blender, blend pineapple with rum and the reserved coconut water from one can.
Fold pineapple mixture into whipped coconut cream until combined, then transfer to a 9 x 5" baking dish.
Garnish with more pineapple and toasted coconut.
Freeze until firm, 4 hours, then serve.


1  jar maraschino cherries with stems
1 c. Fireball Whiskey
1 c. whipped cream–flavored vodka
1 c. white chocolate chips
1  jar blue sanding sugar sprinkles
Soak cherries in equal parts Fireball and vodka for 1 hour in the refrigerator. Remove cherries and pat dry with a paper towel.
Heat chocolate chips in the microwave in 20-second intervals, stirring in between, until fully melted.
Dip each cherry two-thirds of the way into the melted white chocolate, twisting it slightly to help the chocolate stick. Dip the cherry in blue sanding sugar, coating it halfway up the white chocolate coating.
Chill in fridge 20 minutes before serving.


3 1/2 c. milk
1/2 c. Kahlua
2  4-oz. boxes instant chocolate pudding mix
3 c. heavy cream
1/2 c. Bailey’s Irish Cream
1/2 c. powdered sugar
Chocolate syrup, like Hershey's
20  chocolate graham crackers
1/4  chocolate shavings
In a large bowl, beat milk, kahlua and pudding mix on medium/high until well incorporated. Refrigerate for 20 minutes and allow to set.
In another bowl, beat heavy cream, irish cream, and powdered sugar together until soft peaks form.
Assemble the lasagna: in a 12 x 9 pan, place a layer of chocolate graham crackers on the bottom. Top with a layer of spiked chocolate pudding. Cover with a drizzle of chocolate syrup. Top with a layer of spiked whipped cream. Repeat process two more times: crackers, pudding, syrup, whipped cream. Sprinkle the last layers with chocolate shavings.
Refrigerate 4 hours or overnight.


1 (16.5) oz. tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough
8 oz. cream cheese, softened to room temperature
1/4 c. unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
1 1/2 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 lb. Strawberries, sliced
2  kiwis, sliced into half moons
1/4 c. blueberries
In a 9” springform pan, press sugar cookie dough in an even layer to fill the bottom. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and butter until light and fluffy. Add confectioners’ sugar and vanilla and mix to combine. Set aside.
Remove cookie from pan and place on serving plate. Cover with a thin layer of cream cheese frosting. Starting from the middle, add a layer of strawberries, leaving about 1-inch around the outer edge to save room for the kiwi “rind.” Cover the outer edge with kiwi slices. Sprinkle strawberry area with blueberry “seeds.”
Slice and serve!


2 tsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. water
2 c. diced strawberries
1/2 c. sugar
9  graham crackers (1 sleeve)
1/2  stick unsalted butter, melted
1/4 c. sugar
1/4 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
16 oz. cream cheese, room temperature
2  eggs
Juice and zest of 1 lemon
1/2 c. sugar
1/2 c. blueberries
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Make Strawberry Compote: 
Make Graham Cracker Crust:
Make Cheesecake:


1 c. frozen raspberries
1 c. frozen strawberries
1 c. Frozen Mango
1 c. frozen blueberries
1 1/2 c. frozen pineapple
1 c. baby spinach
3 c. Vanilla Greek yogurt
In a blender or food processor, blend 1 cup fruit with 1/2 cup yogurt until combined (cleaning out processor between colors). For the spinach, blend with remaining 1/2 cup frozen pineapple. Transfer to bowls.
Layer 1/4” of each color in popsicle molds in the shades of a rainbow.
Insert popsicle sticks and freeze until firm, 4 hours.
Run popsicle molds under warm water for 20 seconds for easy removal.


16 tbsp. butter, melted
1 3/4 c. brown sugar
2  large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Pinch kosher salt
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 1/2 c. shredded coconut
1 (14) oz. can sweetened condensed milk
rainbow sprinkles, for topping
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Grease a 9x13-in pan with butter or cooking spray.
In a large bowl, stir together melted butter and brown sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs and vanilla until evenly combined. Add flour and a pinch of salt until just combined. Sprinkle coconut over the blondie base then drizzle sweetened condensed milk on top of the coconut. Sprinkle the entire surface with rainbow sprinkles.
Pour into pan and bake for 25-30 minutes, or until set in the middle. Let cool slightly.


2 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1  Stick cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes
1/3 c. + 6 tbsp. SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated, divided
1 tbsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. + 1 tbsp. buttermilk
1  large egg
1 qt. strawberries, hulled and quartered
Zest and juice of ½ lemon
Nonfat whipped topping, for serving
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. In a food processor,
pulse flour, butter,
With floured hands, turn out dough onto a lightly
floured surface and gently pat into a 1”-thick circle. Using a floured biscuit
cutter, cut as many biscuits as possible. (Re-roll the remaining scraps and
repeat this process.) Transfer biscuits to a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Whisk together egg and remaining 1 tablespoon
buttermilk in a small bowl and brush egg wash over tops of biscuits. Bake until
golden, 20 to 25 minutes.
Meanwhile, mix together strawberries, lemon zest
and juice, and 1/3 cup
Serve halved biscuits topped with roasted strawberries and whipped
topping.


Cooking spray, for pan
1 1/2  sticks butter, softened
6 tbsp. SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1/8 tsp. salt
4  large eggs
1 1/3 c. SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated
Zest of 1 lemon
2/3 c. lemon juice
1/3 c. skim milk
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1/8 tsp. salt
3 oz. fresh raspberries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Lightly coat an 8-x-8” pan with cooking spray and
line with parchment, leaving a 2” overhang on all sides.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle
attachment, cream butter and
Bake crust until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Reduce
oven to 325 degrees F.
Meanwhile, whisk together eggs,
Pour lemon filling over crust and scatter raspberries on
top. Bake until custard has just set and is no longer liquidy, 20 to 25
minutes. Let cool to room temperature, then chill at least 2 hours. Cut into
triangles and serve.


3  Bananas, sliced
15-20  NILLA Wafers
2  pints strawberry ice cream, softened
2  pints chocolate ice cream, softened
12-15  Oreo cookies
chocolate syrup, for serving
chopped walnuts, for serving
Sprinkles, for serving
Whipped cream, for serving
Maraschino cherries, for serving
Spray a loaf pan with nonstick cooking spray then line with plastic wrap.
Start with the banana, laying the slices in the bottom of the loaf pan to create a full single layer. (This will be the top of your cake.) Dollop large scoops of softened strawberry ice cream on top and smooth with an offset spatula. (You will likely only need about 1 1/2 pints of each flavor). Create another layer of banana slices on top, then create a layer of Nilla wafers. Freeze for about 2 hours, or until the ice cream is firm again.
When the ice cream is set, dollop large scoops of softened chocolate ice cream on top and smooth with an offset spatula. Add another layer of banana slices and finish with a layer of Oreos, to create a chocolate cookie crust. You may need to halve some Oreos to completely cover the bottom. Cover the cake with plastic wrap and freeze for another 2 hours, or until the ice cream hardens.
When the ice cream is set, run a knife around the plastic wrap to loosen the cake, and invert the cake onto a serving platter. Remove the plastic wrap. Garnish with chocolate syrup, whipped cream, walnuts, sprinkles and maraschino cherries. Slice crosswise and enjoy!


2  bananas, cut into 1" pieces
24  1" pieces pineapple
12  large strawberries, rinsed, dried, and halved
2 c. chocolate chips
1/2 c. peanuts, chopped
Make kebabs: Thread two pieces of banana, pineapple, and strawberry onto skewer. Repeat process to assemble 23 more skewers. Place all on parchment-lined baking sheet.
In a microwave-safe bowl, melt chocolate in microwave. Do so in 30-second intervals, stirring in between, until completely smooth.
Drizzle chocolate over fruit kebabs and top with chopped peanuts. Freeze until ready to serve.


3 tbsp. unsalted butter
1  package mini marshmallows
7 c. Golden Grahams cereal
3  Hershey's milk chocolate bars, broken into pieces
Grease a 9" x 13" pan with butter.
In a large pot over medium-low heat, heat butter until melted. Add all but 1 cup of mini marshmallows and stir until melted and smooth.
Turn the heat off and quickly stir in Golden Grahams until evenly coated. Mix in remaining cup of mini marshmallows. Press into pan and top with chocolate pieces. Let set at least 30 minutes.


1  package instant chocolate pudding mix
2 c. cold milk
1 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. sugar
7 oz. marshmallow Fluff
1  sleeve graham crackers
1  package mini marshmallows
Line a 9" x 5" loaf pan with plastic wrap, allowing overhang on all sides.
In a large bowl, whisk pudding and milk until fully combined. Let cool completely.
Make marshmallow whipped cream: In a large bowl, beat heavy cream and sugar until stiff peaks form. Fold in Fluff. Set aside.
To loaf pan, add 1 layer of graham crackers, breaking crackers up when necessary to completely fill bottom. Spread 1/3 chocolate pudding on top of that. Add an even layer of mini marshmallows (about 1/2 cup). Then, spread on 1/3 marshmallow whipped cream mixture. Repeat process 2 more times, ending on marshmallow whipped cream. Refrigerate overnight.
When ready to serve, invert cake onto flat serving platter and peel off plastic.
On a baking sheet, add 1/2 cup mini marshmallows. Using a kitchen torch or broiler, toast marshmallows until golden brown. Once cool enough to handle, place on top of cake. Serve immediately.


1 lb. fresh strawberries, trimmed, rinsed, and dried
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
2 c. heavy cream
1/2 c. powdered sugar
1  sleeve (about 38) butter crackers, such as Ritz
In a food processor or blender, puree half of the strawberries until smooth. Finely chop remaining strawberries. Set both aside.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, heavy cream, and powdered sugar until stiff peaks form. Gently fold in strawberry puree.
In a 9" spring form pan, add a single layer of Ritz crackers, breaking some if necessary to fill the bottom. Top with a layer of strawberries, and spread on 1/3 of the strawberry cream mixture. Repeat this process two more times, ending on strawberry cream. Top cake with a ring of whole Ritz crackers and more chopped strawberries.
Refrigerate overnight to set.


2 c. rosé, divided
1 1/4 c. sugar
3 c. frozen raspberries
1/2 c. fresh raspberries
mint, for serving
In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine 1 cup rosé and sugar. Bring to a boil, whisking constantly until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.
In a blender combine frozen raspberries and 1/2 cup rose syrup. Process until smooth. Taste the mixture, adding more rose syrup if desired. Pour into a loaf pan, cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, about an hour.
To make floats, scoop small portions into champagne flutes and top with more rose. Add fresh raspberries and a sprig of mint to each glass.


2 c. crushed graham crackers
1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted
2 tbsp. sugar
kosher salt
12 oz. cream cheese, room temperature
1/4 c. sugar
8 oz. cool whip
3  bananas, thinly sliced
1 (20) oz. can crushed pineapple, well drained
1 lb. strawberries, finely chopped
8 oz. cool whip
1/2 c. walnuts, toasted and chopped
chocolate syrup, for serving
Rainbow sprinkles, for serving
Maraschino cherries, for serving
Grease a 9" x 13” baking dish.
In a medium bowl, add graham cracker crumbs, butter, sugar, and a pinch of salt. Mix until evenly combined. Press into baking dish. Refrigerate until set, at least 15 minutes.
Make cream filling: In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until fluffy, 5 minutes. Fold in Cool Whip. Spread mixture evenly onto crust.
To cream layer, add even layers of banana, crushed pineapple, and strawberries. Top with Cool Whip and sprinkle with walnuts. Refrigerate at least 4 hours, or overnight.
When ready to serve, garnish with chocolate syrup, sprinkles, and maraschino cherries.


11 oz.  soft caramels, unwrapped
2 tbsp. heavy cream
1  Sara Lee pound cake, defrosted and kept in aluminum tin
2 c. chocolate chips
Keep the pound cake in its aluminum loaf tin. Press against the tin so that each of the four sides are flush with the pound cake. (You want to create a seal to prevent caramel from leaking down sides.)
In a medium saucepan over low heat, melt caramels. When beginning to melt, add the heavy cream. Stir occasionally, and cook until the caramels melt completely. Immediately remove from heat and pour over pound cake. Refrigerate for 1 hour, or until caramel hardens.
When the caramel is set, cut around the aluminum pan to reveal the cake. Remove the caramel-topped pound cake from the tin completely.
Place a medium glass bowl over a pot of barely simmering water to create a double-boiler. Add chocolate and heat until melted through completely, stirring occasionally. Turn off heat and pour melted chocolate over the pound cake to cover completely. Let cool until chocolate hardens.


15  graham crackers
10 tbsp. butter, melted
1/3 c. sugar
kosher salt
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. heavy cream
1 (14) oz. can sweetened condensed milk
1 (6) oz. can frozen lemonade concentrate
Zest of 1 lemon
Make the crust: In a Ziploc bag or food processor, crush graham crackers until fine. Transfer to a large bowl. To bowl, add butter, sugar, and a generous pinch of salt. Mix until evenly combined. Pack tightly in pie dish and bake at 350 degrees F until golden and fragrant, 8 to 9 minutes. Let cool.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until light and fluffy. Add heavy cream and beat until soft peaks form, 4-5 minutes more. Mix in condensed milk, lemonade concentrate, and 1/2 of the zest and beat until smooth and fully incorporated.
Pour pie mixture into crust and top with remaining lemon zest. Freeze until firm, about 4 hours.


3 c. cake flour (not self-rising)
2 tsp. baking powder
3/4 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. baking soda
3/4 c. (1 1⁄2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
1 1/2 c. granulated sugar
4  large eggs
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 c. sweetened cream of coconut
2/3 c. low-fat buttermilk
2  bricks (8 ounces each) cream cheese, softened
1 c. (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. salt
3 c. confectioners’ sugar
6 oz. unsweetened coconut flakes
Prepare Cake
Layers:
In large bowl, whisk
flour, baking powder,
salt, and baking soda.
In another large bowl,
with mixer on low
speed, beat butter
and sugar until
blended. Increase
speed to high; beat
until light and fluffy.
Reduce speed to
medium-low; add eggs
one at a time, beating
well after each
addition and scraping
bowl with rubber
spatula. Beat in vanilla.
In separate bowl,
whisk cream of
coconut and buttermilk. On low speed,
add flour mixture
alternately with
coconut mixture,
beginning and ending
with flour mixture,
occasionally scraping bowl with spatula.
Beat just until
blended. Divide
evenly among
prepared pans.
Bake until toothpick
inserted in centers
comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool
in pans on wire racks
10 minutes. Run small knife around side
of each layer; invert
onto racks. Cool
completely. Layers
can be made up to 1 day ahead; wrap
well and store at
room temperature.
Prepare Cream
Cheese Frosting:
Assemble cake:


1 1/2 c. white whole-wheat flour
1 1/2 c. grated carrots
1/2 c. brown sugar
1 tsp. baking soda
1 1/2 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
1/4 tsp. salt
2  large eggs
1/3 c. applesauce
1/4 c. canola oil
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 oz. cream cheese
3 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 to 3 tbsp. milk
In large bowl, combine 1 1⁄2 cups white whole wheat flour,
11⁄2 cups grated carrots, 1⁄2 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking
soda, 1 1⁄2 teaspoon pumpkin pie
spice and 1⁄4 teaspoon salt.
Beat
2 large eggs, 1⁄3 cup applesauce,
1⁄4 cup canola oil and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract; add to flour mixture.
Stir batter
just until mixed; divide
among sprayed cups of
mini Bundt pan. Bake in
375 degrees F oven 14 to 16 minutes or
until toothpick inserted into
centers comes out clean.
Cool in pan on rack 5 minutes;
transfer cakes from pan to rack and let cool
completely. Mix glaze ingredients together. Drizzle with
Cream Cheese Glaze if desired.
Beat 2 ounces cream cheese,
softened; 3 tablespoons confectioners’ sugar; and 2 to
3 tablespoons milk until smooth
and slightly runny.


2  4-oz bars German's chocolate, coarsely chopped
4  Large eggs, separated
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
1/2 c. finely chopped walnuts
1 c. heavy cream
1  7-oz. package of ladyfingers
Whipped cream and grated chocolate, for serving
Melt chocolate in double boiler or large metal bowl set atop pot of simmering water (do not allow bottom of bowl to touch water). Add 3 tablespoons water and stir well to combine. Remove from heat. Add egg yolks one at a time, beating vigorously to incorporate each. Add confectioners’ sugar and walnuts and stir well to blend.
In large chilled bowl, beat heavy cream just until stiff. Set aside.
In bowl of stand mixer, with whisk attachment, beat egg whites at high speed until stiff peaks form. Using rubber spatula, gently fold beaten egg whites and whipped cream into chocolate until incorporated.



1  box vanilla cake mix, plus additional required ingredients (eggs, oil, etc.)
1 c. butter, at room temperature
3 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tbsp. heavy cream
1–2 tsp. vanilla extract
12 oz. white chocolate chips
pink food coloring
12 oz. semi-sweet chocolate chips
10  wafer cones (cake cones)
rainbow sprinkles
12  red M&Ms;
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a half sheet pan with parchment paper and set aside.
Prepare the cake batter according to box instructions. Pour batter into sheet pan and bake until golden and a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let the cake cool to room temperature.
Meanwhile, make the frosting. Gradually add sugar to butter, beating until fluffy. Add vanilla and mix until evenly combined. Slowly add cream until frosting is desired consistency.
When fully cooled, crumble the cake with your hands into a large bowl to make fine crumbs. Mix in about 3/4 of the frosting with a fork until thoroughly combined. Using an ice cream scoop, scoop about 1/4 cup of cake mixture. Roll the cake mixture in your hands to form a ball. (Add more frosting if it's too dry and crumbles). The mixture should make about 10 balls. Place on baking sheet and freeze for 15 minutes to firm up.
Meanwhile, create a double boiler by setting a glass bowl over a pot of simmering water. Add white chocolate chips to the bowl and heat until melted, stirring occasionally. Add 3 to 4 drops of food coloring until you get a light pink color. Set melted chocolate aside. Place a clean glass bowl over the same pot of simmering water. Add semi-sweet chocolate and heat until melted. Set aside.
Stand up 10 cake cones (or enough for the number of cake balls you have) on a baking sheet. Place the cooled cake balls on top of the cones. Pour a heaping tablespoon pink white chocolate on top of each bowl, then spoon a slightly lesser amount of semisweet chocolate over the pink coating. Add sprinkles and top with red M&M.; Let sit for 10 minutes before serving.


1/3 c. plus 2 tbs. heavy cream
2 tbsp. sugar, divided
2 c. cold brew coffee
In a liquid measuring cup, mix together 1/3 c. of cream with 1 tbsp. sugar.
Divide between 6 popsicle molds, pouring just a small amount into each mold. Freeze for 1 hour, or until frozen.
In another liquid measuring cup, whisk together coffee with remaining sugar and heavy cream. Divide between the molds (with the now frozen cream layer). Insert lid (or popsicle sticks) and freeze for 6 hours, or until frozen.
Before serving, run the molds under warm water to loosen the pop.


8 oz. cream cheese, at room temperature
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 c. sweetened condensed milk
1 c. heavy cream
1/4 c. powdered sugar
1/2 c. Oreo crumbs
12  whole Oreo cookies
With a hand mixer, combine cream cheese, vanilla, sweetened condensed milk, heavy cream and powdered sugar. Mix until fully combined. Fold in Oreo crumbs.
Line a muffin tin with cupcake liners. Put one Oreo in each cupcake liner. With a large ice cream scoop, fill the each cupcake liner with cheesecake batter. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze for 6 hours, or until firm. Or for a more mousse-like texture, place in fridge for 1 hour.


4 oz. cream cheese, softened
3/4 c. sweetened condensed milk
1/2 c. Key lime juice
zest of one key lime
1/4 tsp. salt
1 1/2 c. marshmallow Fluff
With a hand mixer, mix the cream cheese and sweetened condensed milk in a medium bowl until smooth. Add lime juice, lime zest, salt and marshmallow fluff. Mix until all the ingredients are fully incorporated. Cover and freeze for at least 1 hour, or until the dip thickens slightly. 
Serve with graham crackers.


2 c. heavy cream
1/3 c. sweetened condensed milk
12  Chips Ahoy chocolate chip cookies
In each popsicle mold, add 2 cookies stacked on top of one another. (If you have trouble fitting them, you can cut the cookies.)
In a small bowl or a large measuring cup, whisk together heavy cream and sweetened condensed milk until frothy.
Pour the cream and milk mixture over the cookies into the mold until filled to the top. Place the popsicle sticks in the middle, cover and transfer to the freezer. Freeze until firm, about 6 hours or overnight.
Loosen the pop under warm running water, if necessary, to release from mold.


4  glazed donuts, cut in half
8  scoops vanilla ice cream
Chocolate syrup, for drizzling
whipped cream
4  maraschino cherries
Preheat grill or grill pan to high. Grill donut halves, glazed side down, until charred, about 1 minute. Set aside to cool.
Place 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream in between each donut sandwich. Press down.
Top each with a drizzle of chocolate syrup, as much whipped cream as desired, and of course, a cherry on top!


1  box brownie mix
2  eggs
1/4 c. water
1/2 c. vegetable oil
1  sticks butter, melted
1/3 c. brown sugar
1/4 c. white sugar
2 tbsp. milk
1/2 tsp. vanilla
1 1/4 c. flour
1/4 tsp. salt
1 c. mini chocolate chips
1  sleeve Oreos
1  gallon cookies 'n cream ice cream, preferably Haagen Dazs
hot fudge
Crushed Oreos, for topping
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F and grease a 9" springform pan with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, mix all brownie ingredients until well combined. Use half the batter and bake according to package directions. Let cool completely (or freeze for about1 hour). (Use leftover batter however you'd like.)
Meanwhile, make cookie dough: In a large bowl, mix butter with brown and white sugar. Add milk and vanilla and stir to combine. Stir in flour and salt. When fully combined, fold in chocolate chips. Press cookie dough in an even layer into bottom of pan.
On top of cookie dough, add a single layer of Oreos. Drizzle with hot fudge. On top of that, add first layer of slightly softened ice cream (1/2 gallon). Spread in an even layer. Cover in plastic wrap and freeze immediately, 1 hour.
Press brownie on top of the first frozen ice cream layer. Then spread remaining 1/2 gallon ice cream on top. Top with crushed Oreos and a drizzle of hot fudge. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and immediately transfer back to freezer. Freeze until ice cream is hard, 6 hours or overnight.


2  sticks butter, melted
1 c. brown sugar
3/4 c. white sugar
1/4 c. milk
1 tsp. vanilla
2 1/2 c. flour
1 tsp. salt
1 1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
1  gallon vanilla ice cream, preferably Haagen Dazs, slightly softened
In a large bowl, mix butter with brown and white sugar. Add milk and vanilla and stir to combine. Stir in flour and salt. When fully combined, fold in chocolate chips.
Line a large baking sheet pan with parchment, leaving overhang on sides. Press mixture into the pan, evening it out as much as possible with a cutting board or other flat surface. Top with a second piece of parchment. Freeze until firm, 1 hour.
Remove cookie dough from pan and place onto a cutting board. Slice the dough down the center. Spread one half with softened vanilla ice cream, then gently place the other half on top. Transfer back to pan.
Freeze for 4 more hours, or overnight. Slice into sandwiches and serve immediately.


1  pint heavy cream
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1  package soft caramels, unwrapped
3 tbsp. water
1  package shortbread cookies
Make the chocolate ganache: Place a saucepan over medium heat. Pour in the heavy cream, and once it comes to a simmer, remove from heat and add chocolate chips. Whisk until combined. Place in fridge to cool for at least 25-30 minutes.
Make the caramel: In a separate saucepan, place the caramels and water over medium heat. Stir occasionally, melting the caramels until a sauce has formed. If necessary, add water until it's easily spreadable; about as thick as maple syrup or honey.
Pour caramel sauce into the bottom of a clear serving bowl. Hold a spoon over the bowl of caramel sauce and gently pour the chocolate ganache onto the spoon, letting it spill over onto the caramel sauce. This will break the surface tension and create a gentler pour, so the caramel and chocolate remain two separate layers. Top with a crumbled shortbread cookie and a drizzle of any remaining caramel sauce.
Serve with shortbread cookies for dipping (or fresh fruit).


Cooking spray
1/2  Stick unsalted butter
7 oz. Mini Marshmallows, divided
1/2 c. smooth peanut butter, divided
1/8 tsp. salt
4 c. crispy rice cereal, divided
1 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 c. crushed graham crackers
6  peanut butter cups, chopped
Spray an 8-inch-square baking pan with cooking spray. Set aside.
In a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan, melt butter over medium heat until butter melts and begins to brown. It will start to smell nutty and start to foam. When it starts to brown on the bottom, scrape the browned bits off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, then immediately add 5 oz marshmallows, 1/4 c peanut butter and salt. Stir until mixture is smooth. Turn off the heat and add 3 c of the cereal, stirring quickly. Make sure all of the cereal is coated in the marshmallow mixture.
Pour the cereal mixture into the prepared pan. Press the mixture firmly into the sides and bottoms of the pan.
Meanwhile, melt chocolate chips in a small glass bowl over a small saucepan filled with barely simmering water. Once the chocolate is melted, stir in the remaining 1/4 c of peanut butter and 1 c of cereal. Pour the peanut butter-chocolate mixture over the marshmallow-cereal base. Press peanut butter cups and crushed graham crackers on top of the chocolate. Let set until firm. (You can speed this up by putting it in the freezer for about 15 minutes.)
Sprinkle remaining marshmallows on top of the chocolate layer. Place under broiler and heat until marshmallows start to brown.
Let sit until chocolate firms up again, or slice and serve right away. (The slightly melted chocolate is more campfire-esque.


2 1/2 c. flour
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1 1/2  sticks unsalted butter, sliced into chunks
2  eggs
2  egg yolks
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 tsp. instant coffee
2/3 c. Starbucks Frappuccino Mocha Chilled Coffee Drink
2 tbsp. cocoa powder
1/3 c. granulated sugar
2/3 c. brown sugar
1 1/2 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. salt
2  sticks butter, melted
1 1/2 c. flour
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter 2 mini loaf pans*.
Make batter: In a large bowl, mix flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt. Beat in butter, one piece at a time, until pea-sized crumbles form. Add the eggs and yolks, buttermilk, vanilla extract, and instant coffee. Beat until smooth, about 2 minutes more.
Make swirl: Add 1/3 of batter into a small bowl. Stir in cocoa powder until fully incorporated.
Pour half of the coffee-flavored batter into loaf pans, top with mocha batter, then pour remaining coffee batter on top, spreading it in an even layer. Use the end of a wooden spoon or a butter knife to swirl the batters together, creating a slightly marbleized effect. Set aside.
Make the streusel: In a large bowl, combine sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, salt, butter, and flour. Once combined, mix with your hands until crumbles form. Top batter with streusel.
Bake until golden, 50 minutes. Let cool completely. Drizzle with hot fudge sauce, if desired.


5 c. chopped strawberries
1/2 c. Plus 1 tablespoon sugar
1 tbsp. corn starch
12 tbsp. cold butter, cubed, plus more butter for brushing baking dish
1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
3/4 tsp. kosher salt
3/4 c. heavy cream, plus more for brushing biscuits
1 c. powdered sugar
2 tbsp. milk
Rainbow sanding sugar, for sprinkling
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss strawberries with 1 tablespoon sugar and corn starch. Set aside.
Butter a 9-x-13" baking dish and pour in strawberries, making an even layer.
Make biscuit topping: In a large bowl, whisk together flour, remaining 1/2 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add cubed butter and use your hands to work it into a dough. Add cream and work until sticky.
Top strawberries all over with tablespoonfuls of dough. Brush dough with heavy cream.
Bake until biscuit topping is golden and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 45 minutes to 1 hour.
Let cool 30 minutes. When ready to serve, make icing: In a small bowl whisk together powdered sugar and milk until combined.
Drizzle icing all over cobbler topping and sprinkle with sanding sugar. Serve.


8 tbsp. cream cheese
2 tbsp. strawberry jam
1/4 c. finely chopped strawberries
2  eggs
1/2 c. milk
1/4 tsp. ground nutmeg
1 tbsp. sugar
1/2 tsp. cinnamon
8  slices Challah bread
Powdered sugar, for dusting
maple syrup
Make the cheesecake filling. Mix cream cheese with jam and chopped strawberries until combined.
In a shallow bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, nutmeg, sugar and cinnamon.
Make sandwiches. On a slice of challah, spread cream cheese mixture then top with another slice. Repeat 4 times.
Place each of the sandwiches in the egg mixture and coat thoroughly. Meanwhile preheat the waffle iron. When hot, coat with cooking spray. Place a sandwich into the waffle iron and cook until golden brown.
Top with powdered sugar and maple syrup.


8 oz. butter, plus more for buttering pan
Flour, for dusting
1  box red velvet cake mix
1  box white cake mix
Blue food coloring
8 oz. cream cheese
3 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
red, white and blue sprinkles
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8-inch round baking pan and line with parchment paper. Butter the bottom and sides of the pan and dust with flour.
Prepare boxed cake mixes according to package instructions. Divide the white cake batter in half in two separate bowls. Stir in about 6 drops of blue food coloring into one of the bowls.
Divide the there colored batters evenly between three squeeze bottles. (You can also use liquid measuring cups.) You will only need about half of the prepared red velvet batter. Use the rest for cupcakes.
Start with red. Squeeze about a 1/4 cup of batter into the pan. Then squeeze about the same amount of the white batter directly on top of the red, followed by an equal pour of the blue batter. Continue alternating between the three batters, making a bulls-eye pattern, gradually decreasing the amount of batter you pour.
Bake for 30-35 minutes until a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cakes comes out clean. Let cool in pan for 10 minutes, then transfer to cooling rack to cool completely.
Make the Frosting: Beat together butter and cream cheese until combined. Add the sugar and vanilla and beat until fluffy, 3-5 minutes.
Frost the cake and decorate with sprinkles. Slice and be amazed.


1/4 c. butter, melted
1/2 c. brown sugar
1/4 c. milk
1/4 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. flour
1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
2 1/2 c. flour
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1 1/2  sticks unsalted butter, sliced into chunks
2  eggs
2  egg yolks
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2/3 c. buttermilk
1/3 c. sugar
2/3 c. brown sugar
1 1/2 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
2  sticks butter, melted
1 1/2 c. flour
1/2 c. Cookie Crisp cereal
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter 3 mini loaf pans*.
Make cookie dough: In a large bowl, cream butter and brown sugar. Add milk, vanilla, salt, and flour and mix until combined. Gently fold in chocolate chips. Set aside.
Make batter: In a large bowl, mix flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt. Beat in butter, one piece at a time, until pea-sized crumbles form. Add the eggs and yolks, buttermilk, and vanilla extract. Beat until smooth, about 2 minutes more.
Make the streusel: In a large bowl, combine sugar, brown sugar, cinnamon, salt, butter, and flour. Once combined, mix with your hands until crumbles form. Add in Cookie Crisp cereal.
Assemble: Divide half of the batter into loaf pans. Add equal amounts of tablespoon-sized pieces of cookie dough into each pan. Top with remaining batter, then streusel.
Bake until golden, 50-55 minutes. Let cool completely.


1  pint heavy cream
2 tbsp. sugar
1  sleeve Oreos, crumbled (plus more for topping)
1  package ice cream sandwiches
Beat heavy cream and sugar until stiff peaks form, about 3-4 minutes. Fold in crumbled Oreos, setting aside about 2 tbsp for topping the cake. Set aside whipped cream mixture.
Line a loaf pan with parchment paper. Place a layer of ice cream sandwiches to cover the bottom of the pan. You may need to trim the sandwiches to fit the pan size. If so, set the trimmings aside and save them to top the cake.
Cover the ice cream sandwiches with half of the whipped cream mixture, smoothing to form an even layer. Top with a layer of ice cream sandwiches, then cover with remaining whipped cream.
Sprinkle crushed Oreos on top of cake, then decorate with ice cream sandwich pieces. For a light, mousse-like treat, refrigerate it for 4 hours, or until set. For a stiffer, ice cream cake-like consistency that you can cut into slices, freeze for 3-4 hours, or until set. (If you don't keep your fridge very cold—or if it's crammed with other items—your best bet may be the freezer, so it actually hardens.)


boxed white cake mix
1 c. sour cream
1/4 c. milk
1  stick butter, melted
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3  eggs
Cooking spray
flour, for sprinkling
1/2 c. strawberries, chopped
4 oz.  cream cheese, softened
3 c. confectioners' sugar
rainbow sprinkles
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
In a large bowl, add cake mix, sour cream, milk, butter, vanilla extract, and eggs, and whisk to combine.
Spray a bundt pan with baking spray. Pour in cake batter and smooth out with spatula.
Bake cake until golden, 40-45 minutes. Let cool.
Make frosting: Blend strawberries in a blender. In a large bowl, whisk together blended strawberries, cream cheese, and powdered sugar until smooth.
Pour frosting over cake and top with sprinkles!


All-purpose flour, for rolling
1  tube crescent roll dough
2 c. mini chocolate chips
1 c. mini marshmallows
1 c. graham crackers, broken into small pieces
Sprinkle surface with flour.
On top of floured surface, unroll crescents and separate into individual triangles.
Meanwhile, in a microwave-safe bowl, microwave 1 cup chocolate chips in 30-second increments until fully melted. Set aside.
To each crescent, spread 1 teaspoon of melted chocolate, then top with 1 tsp. each mini chocolate chips, marshmallows, and graham cracker pieces. Roll into crescent shape and transfer to a baking sheet.
Bake at 325 degrees F until golden, 15 minutes.
Drizzle with more melted chocolate and serve


2 tbsp. cinnamon
1/4 c. sugar
2 c. chocolate chips
2 tbsp. butter
3  Small flour tortillas
1/4 c. rainbow sprinkles
vanilla ice cream
caramel sauce
Make cinnamon sugar: On a small plate, combine sugar and cinnamon and mix until fully combined.
Melt chocolate chips over a double boiler until smooth. Set aside.
In a small skillet over medium heat, heat butter. Add tortillas and sauté, 1 at a time, until golden and crisp, 2 minutes per side. Dredge both sides of the tortilla in cinnamon sugar.
Shape the tortillas: Fold tortillas in half and dip the outer edges in melted chocolate, then dip in sprinkles. Flip over a muffin tin and stand the tortillas upright. Let sit until chocolate is hardened, about 10 minutes.
Fill each taco with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream. Top with caramel sauce. Freeze until hard, at least 30 minutes.


1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1 1/4 tsp. sugar
1/2 tsp. salt
1/8 tsp. baking powder
8 tbsp. unsalted butter, cold, cut into 8 pieces
4 tbsp. vegetable shortening, cold
1 tsp. cider vinegar
1/4 c. water, cold
1 1/2 tsp. unflavored gelatin
1/2 c. whole milk, divided
1/4 c. granulated sugar
1/4 tsp. salt
1/4 c. white chocolate chips
1/4 c. butterscotch chips
1/2 c. SodaStream cream soda mix
1 tsp. vanilla bean paste
1 c. heavy cream
1/2 c. butterscotch candy melts (or butterscotch chips), melted
1/2 c. popping sugar (also sold as popping candy)
1 1/2 c. heavy cream
3 tbsp. piping gel
3 tbsp. powdered sugar
1 tbsp. SodaStream cream soda mix
8 oz. butterscotch candy melts, optional
Make the Crust:
Add the vinegar to the water. Pulse in the water mixture until incorporated but before a dough ball forms. Remove dough from processor and pat into a 4" disc on a sheet of plastic wrap. Wrap tightly and refrigerate for at least 3 hours.
Roll out the pie dough into a circle large enough to fill a 9 1/2" deep-dish pie pan. Line the pan with the rolled crust and crimp the edges as desired. Freeze for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 425 degrees F.Line the dough with parchment paper and pie weights. Bake for 18 minutes.
Remove the weights and parchment. Continue baking until the crust is golden brown, 5 to 10 minutes more. Allow the crust to cool completely.
Make the Filling:
In a small saucepan, combine remaining milk, sugar, and salt. Cook over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved. Reduce the heat to medium-low, add white chocolate and butterscotch chips and continue to cook until the chips are completely melted, about 5 minutes.
Add the gelatin mixture, and continue to cook until gelatin is dissolved, about 1 minute.
Pour mixture into a heatproof bowl. Stir in cream soda mix and extract. Let cool at room temperature for 20 minutes.
Beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Gently fold whipped cream into cream soda mixture. Pour into pie pan and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Make the Fizzing Butterscotch Topping: 
Allow to cool then break into small pieces. Press the small pieces into the top of the pie in an even layer. Refrigerate until set, at least 3 hours.
Make the Topping: 
Smooth the whipped cream over the top of the pie and refrigerate until serving. If desired, melt the candy melts and mold into desired shapes to use for decoration.


3 c. heavy cream
1  14-oz. can sweetened condensed milk
c. crushed Oreos (about 30 Oreos), plus more for topping
1/4 c. caramel, plus more for topping
1/4 c. chocolate sauce, plus more for topping
In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat cream until stiff peaks form.
Fold in sweetened condensed milk and Oreos until fully combined, then drizzle in caramel and chocolate sauce and stir gently until just combined.
Transfer to a 9-x-5” loaf pan and top with more Oreos. Drizzle with caramel and more chocolate sauce and freeze until firm, at least 5 hours.
Let soften 10 minutes when ready to serve.


2  eggs
1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 c. sugar
1/2 c. brown sugar
3/4 c. butter
1 c. chocolate chips
1 c. chopped walnuts
1  refrigerated pie crust
vanilla ice cream
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a large bowl, beat eggs until pale yellow and foamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add flour, sugars, and softened butter and mix until combined and fluffy. Stir in chocolate chips and walnuts.
Grease a pie dish with cooking spray. Add refrigerated pie crust and fold up edges. Add cookie mixture and pat down to cover crust.
Bake until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean and crust is golden, 55 minutes to 1 hour.


6  sheets of phyllo dough
Cooking spray
Tightly roll 6 sheets of
phyllo dough lengthwise.
Very thinly slice.
Transfer
to a baking sheet, loosely
separating layers. Spray
with cooking spray.
Bake
at 350 degrees F until golden-brown,
10 to 12 minutes. Cool
completely.


3/4 c. sugar
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp. water
pinch  of kosher salt
1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Simmer sugar, lemon juice, water and salt in a small saucepan
over medium heat, stirring,
until sugar dissolves, 1
to 2 minutes.
Stir in vanilla extract. Cool 10
minutes.


Baking spray, for pan
3 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled, plus more for the pan
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
2 c. shelled roasted pistachios
1 1/2 c. (3 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 c. sugar
1 tbsp. lemon zest
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
4  large eggs, at room temperature
1/4 c. light rum
Lemon Glaze (recipe link below)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Generously grease and
flour a 12-cup Bundt pan.
Whisk together flour and
salt in a bowl.
Pulse pistachios in a
food processor until very
finely ground (they should
cling together when
pinched), 15 to 20 times.
Beat butter and sugar
on medium speed with an
electric mixer until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add
pistachios, lemon zest, and
vanilla and beat until well
blended. Add eggs, one at a
time, beating to incorporate
after each addition. Reduce
speed to low and beat in
flour mixture and rum alternately,
starting and ending
with flour mixture, just until
flour is incorporated. Scoop
batter into prepared pan.
Bake, until a toothpick
inserted in the center comes
out clean, 55 to 60 minutes.
Cool in pan on a wire rack for
20 minutes, then invert onto
rack to cool completely.
Brush cake with warm


1 c. (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature
16 oz. confectioners' sugar
1 tbsp. orange zest
2 tbsp. orange juice
2 tbsp. milk
pinch  of kosher salt
Beat butter
and sugar with an electric mixer
on medium speed until
smooth, 1 to 2 minutes.
Beat
in orange zest, orange juice, milk, and a pinch of kosher
salt until smooth.


12 oz. cream cheese
1/2 c. unsalted butter, at room temperature
4 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tbsp. lime zest
1 tbsp. lime juice
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3-4 tbsp. reserved strawberry puree
Beat cream cheese and butter
with an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes.
Gradually
beat in confectioners’ sugar, until smooth.
Beat in lime
zest and lime juice, vanilla extract, and reserved
strawberry puree.


1 c. confectioners' sugar
1 1/2 tbsp. milk, plus more for consistency
1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. pure almond extract
pinch  of kosher salt
Whisk together sugar, 1 1/2 tbsp. milk, vanilla extract, almond extract, and
a pinch of kosher salt in a
bowl.
Add additional milk,
1 tsp. at a time, to reach
desired consistency.


3 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
1 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
3  bags Lady Grey tea
1/4 c. pure honey
1 1/2 c. sugar, divided
1 c. half-and-half
1 c. (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature
2  large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 20 standard muffin cups
with paper liners. Whisk
together flour, baking powder,
baking soda, and salt in
a bowl.
Bring 1/2 cup water to a
simmer in a small saucepan.
Add tea bags and steep 10
minutes. Squeeze tea bags to
remove excess liquid; discard
tea bags. Stir in honey and
1/4 cup sugar until dissolved.
Stir together 1/4 cup tea syrup
and half-and-half in a bowl.
Reserve remaining syrup.
Beat butter and remaining
1 1/4 cup sugar on medium
speed with an electric mixer
until light and fluffy, 1 to 2
minutes. Add eggs, one at a
time, beating to incorporate
after each addition. Beat in
vanilla. Reduce speed to low
and beat in flour mixture and
half-and-half mixture alternately,
starting and ending
with flour mixture, just until
flour is incorporated. Divide
batter between prepared
muffin cups.
Bake until a toothpick
inserted in the center comes
out clean, 18 to 20 minutes.
Use a toothpick to poke 10
holes in each cupcake and
brush with remaining tea
syrup. Cool completely in
pans on a wire rack.
Frost cupcakes with


3 c. cake flour, spooned and leveled
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 lb. strawberries, chopped, plus more whole for garnish
1/2 c. buttermilk, at room temperature
1 c. unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 c. granulated sugar
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
3  large eggs, at room temperature
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. lime zest
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Lightly grease three 8-inch
round cake pans and line bottoms
with parchment paper
rounds. Whisk together flour,
baking soda, baking powder,
and salt in a bowl.
Process strawberries in a
food processor until small
pieces and a thick puree
form, 5 to 10 seconds. Whisk
together buttermilk and 1
cup strawberry puree in a
bowl. Reserve remaining
puree for
Beat butter and sugars
with an electric mixer on
medium speed until light and
fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add
eggs, one at a time, beating
to incorporate after each
addition. Beat in vanilla and
lime zest. Reduce speed to
low and beat in flour mixture
and buttermilk mixture alternately,
starting and ending
with flour mixture, just until
flour is incorporated. Divide batter among prepared pans.
Bake until a toothpick
inserted in the center comes
out clean, 20 to 23 minutes.
Cool in pans on a wire rack
for 15 minutes, then invert
onto rack to cool completely.
Place one layer on a cake
plate and frost top with 1 cup
frosting. Repeat two more
times. Cut a 12-by-24-inch
piece of plastic wrap and fold
in half to make a 6-by-24-inch
strip. Wrap around cake to
secure layers. Chill until frosting
is set, 4 hours or up to 1
day. Top with whole strawberries
just before serving.


Baking spray, for pan
1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 c. unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 c. sugar
3  large eggs, at room temperature
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. pure almond extract
1/2 c. whole milk, at room temperature
2 tbsp. poppy seeds
Almond Glaze (recipe link below)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Lightly grease an 8-by-
4-inch loaf pan. Whisk
together flour, baking powder,
and salt in a bowl.
Beat butter and sugar
on medium speed with an
electric mixer until light and
fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add
eggs, one at a time, beating
to incorporate after each
addition. Beat in vanilla and
almond extracts. Reduce
speed to low and beat in
flour mixture and milk alternately,
starting and ending
with flour mixture, just until
flour is incorporated. Fold
in poppy seeds. Pour batter
into prepared pan.
Bake until a toothpick
inserted in the center comes
out clean, 45 to 55 minutes.
Cool in pan on a wire rack
for 15 minutes, then remove
to rack to cool completely.
Drizzle cake with


1  box brownie mix (plus any other ingredients the mix requires)
4  packages Kit Kat bars (or 1 box of Keebler Fudge Sticks)
Make the Brownies: 
Grease the bottom and sides of an 8-inch by 8-inch baking pan with butter or cooking spray. Pour half of the brownie batter into the pan, then top with a layer of Kit-Kats, covering the batter completely. Top with the remaining batter.
Cook according to the brownie mix's instructions, or until a toothpick inserted halfway (just until you hit the Kit-Kat layer) comes out with a few crumbs—no gooey brownie batter.
Make the Ganache Topping: 


1 1/2  sticks unsalted butter
1/2 c. cocoa powder
1 1/2 c. sugar
4  eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3/4 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. salt
1 c. sugar
6 tbsp. butter
1/2 c. heavy cream
2 tsp. flaky sea salt, for dusting on top
Make the Brownies: 
Melt the butter over low heat in a medium saucepan. As soon as it's melted, remove from heat and let cool for 3-4 minutes. Stir in the cocoa powder and sugar until combined. Gradually mix in the eggs and vanilla extract, until the batter is glossy.
Combine the flour and salt, then slowly add them to the brownie batter, stirring just enough to combine. Pour half of the brownie batter into the 9-inch by 9-inch pan.
Make the Salted Caramel Sauce:
Slowly pour in the heavy cream, stirring continuously. Bring the mixture to a boil for about a minute or two. It will rise in the pan; just keep stirring, and once your time is up, remove it from the heat to cool for about 5 minutes.
Pour 2/3s of the caramel sauce onto the brownie mixture that's already in the pan, tilting the pan for the batter is coated in an even layer. Sprinkle it with half of the sea salt. Top the mixture with the remaining brownie batter.
Bake for about 28-30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the brownies pulls up caramel sauce and some brownie crumbs, but not chocolate goo.
Top with remaining caramel sauce and sea salt before serving.


2 1/2  sticks unsalted butter
1 1/4 c. dark brown sugar
1/4 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2  eggs
3 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1  bag mini semisweet chocolate chips (12 ounces)
Using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugars together until light and fluffy. Slowly add in vanilla extract and eggs, whipping until combined.
In a separate bowl, mix the flour, cornstarch, baking soda and salt. Stir it into the butter mixture. Fold in mini chocolate chips.
Roll dough into 1 1/2-inch balls, flattening them slightly, and placing them about 2 inches apart on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Freeze for 15 minutes, so they're more likely to hold their shape.
When you place them in the freezer, preheat the oven to 350°F. Bake the cookies for 13-15 minutes, or until lightly golden on the edges.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. salt
1 c. unsalted butter
1 c. water
1/2 c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 large eggs, at room temperature
1 c. sugar
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 c. buttermilk, at room temperature
1 1/2 c. creamy peanut butter (not natural-style)
1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
3 c. confectioners' sugar
1/2 c. heavy cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
pinch of salt
Melted creamy peanut butter, chopped peanut butter cups, and mini chocolate chips, for topping
Make cake:
Heat butter, water, and cocoa powder together in a
large saucepan over medium heat. Whisk constantly until butter has melted
and everything is smooth and combined. Set aside. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. Pour warm chocolate/butter
mixture on top, then slowly whisk together until combined.
Whisk eggs, granulated sugar, and brown sugar
together in a medium bowl. (The mixture will be thick.) Whisk in vanilla
until combined, then pour into chocolate batter and whisk until combined.
Finally, whisk in buttermilk. Pour chocolate batter into prepared sheet pan.
Bake 15 to 20 minutes. Use a toothpick to test for doneness: Stick it into the cake. If the toothpick comes out clean, the cake is done. If not, continue baking. Remove cake from oven and set pan on a wire rack. Let cake cool completely in pan before frosting. (The refrigerator helps speed things up, if you have room for the large pan!)
Make frosting:
Spread frosting all over cooled cake, then drizzle with melted peanut butter and top with chopped peanut butter cups and mini chocolate chips. Slice and serve. Cover leftovers tightly and store in the refrigerator for up to 5 days. It's so good cold!



2 c. heavy cream
1 14.5-ounce can sweetened condensed milk
1 c. Chopped Chocolate
1/4 c. hot fudge sauce, plus more for serving
2 tbsp. Kahlua
2 tbsp. Baileys Irish Cream
In a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form, 5 minutes.
Fold in sweetened condensed milk until fully combined, then fold in chocolate, fudge sauce, Kahlua, and Baileys.
Transfer mixture to a 9-x-5" loaf pan and add one more chocolate swirl on top. Freeze 5 hours. When ready to serve, let soften 10 minutes. Serve with warm hot fudge.


3 tbsp. olive oil
2  Medium sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/4-inch slices
1  Leek, sliced (white and green part only)
1/4 c. chicken broth
2 tbsp. real maple syrup
1 tbsp. apple cider vinegar
2 tbsp. fresh thyme leaves
1/2 tsp. fine sea salt
3/4 c. Cascadian Farm™ Farm Stand Harvest organic cherry, almond and quinoa granola
2 tbsp. butter, melted
1/3 c. grated Parmesan
Butter, for ramekins
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a 12" ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat, heat oil. Add sweet potatoes and cook 5 minutes, gently stirring to keep potatoes from sticking to pan.
Add leek and cook 3 minutes more, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to medium.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine chicken broth, syrup, vinegar, 1 tablespoon thyme leaves, and salt. Pour over ingredients in skillet. Cook, covered, 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Meanwhile, in another small bowl, mix granola, melted butter, Parmesan, and remaining 1 tablespoon thyme leaves.
Butter four small ovenproof ramekins and divide sweet potato mixture evenly among them. Sprinkle with granola mixture and bake until granola is golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Top with fresh thyme, if desired.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. salt
2  sticks salted butter, room temperature
3/4 c. sugar
3/4 c. brown sugar
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
2  Eggs, room temperature
1  bag semisweet chocolate chips (about 12 ounces)
coarse sea salt (for topping cookies)
Preheat the oven to 350°F. As it heats, combine the flour, baking soda and salt in a large mixing bowl. Set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, combine sugars and butter. Use an electric mixer to beat the two together, whipping them until the mixture is a pale yellow and has a creamy texture. Slowly beat in the eggs and vanilla extract.
Stir in the flour mixture, adding a little at a time until fully combined. Fold in the chocolate chips.
Form into 1-inch patties and place about 1-2 inches apart on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Sprinkle each with a little coarse sea salt.
Bake for 15-17 minutes, or until the cookies are a warm, golden brown and look crispy on the edges.


1/2 c. creamy almond butter
3/4 c. pumpkin puree
1  overripe banana
1/4 c. pure maple syrup
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tbsp. cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1/4 tsp. salt
1/4 c. almond flour
3 tbsp. cornstarch
1/4 c. mini chocolate chips
Mix almond butter, pumpkin puree, banana, maple syrup, vanilla extract, cocoa powder, baking soda, salt, almond flour, and cornstarch until smooth. Fold in chocolate chips.
Grease a mini cupcake pan and divide mixture among the holes (about 2 heaping teaspoons each). Bake at 350 degrees F for 17 minutes.


1 tbsp. semisweet chocolate chips
5  Whole strawberries
In a microwave-safe bowl, melt chocolate, about 30 seconds; mix chocolate until velvety smooth.
Wash and dip strawberries into the chocolate so the bottoms are covered. Let cool on a plate in the fridge, about 30 minutes.


3  egg whites
1/4 tsp. cream of tartar
1/4 tsp. Sea salt
1/2 c. superfine sugar
1/4 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
Using an electric mixer with whisk, beat egg whites until frothy. Add cream of tartar and sea salt; beat until soft peaks form, 1 to 2 minutes. Gradually add sugar, beating until incorporated, then beat to form stiff glossy peaks, 5 minutes. On low speed, mix vanilla and cocoa powder. Fold in mini chocolate chips.
Transfer mixture to a large resealable plastic bag; cut off one corner. Pipe 2" rounds onto a parchment-lined baking sheet.
Bake at 200 degrees F for 2 hours. Turn off oven and let meringues dry, about 2 hours.


1  15.25 oz. yellow cake mix
1  3.4 oz package instant lemon pudding
1 c. water
1 c. canola oil
4  large eggs
2 tbsp. key lime or regular lime juice
5  drops green food color
1 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. fresh lime juice
8 oz. cream cheese
1/4 c. (1/2 stick) unsalted butter (at room temperature)
2 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. lime zest
1 tsp. lime juice
3/4 c. vanilla wafers (lightly crushed)
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat a 9-by 13" glass pan with cooking spray. In a large bowl, combine the cake mix, pudding, water, oil and eggs. Mix in the lime juice and food color until fully incorporated.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pans. Bake until set and a wooden pick inserted into the cake comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Let the cake cool for 10 minutes, then use a fork to carefully poke several sets of holes into the cake.
Glaze: 
Frosting: 


3 scoops vanilla ice cream
1/4 c. heavy cream
1/2 tsp. peppermint extract
4-6 drops green food coloring
Whipped cream, for topping
Maraschino cherry, for topping
In a blender, combine vanilla ice cream, heavy cream, peppermint extract, and food coloring. Blend until completely smooth, then pour into a glass.
Top with whipped cream and a cherry and serve.


1  package refrigerated chocolate chip cookie dough, divided
4 (8-oz.)  bars cream cheese, at room temperature
1 1/4 c. sugar
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
4 large eggs, at room temperature
3/4 c. sour cream
1/2 c. heavy cream
3/4 c. mini chocolate chips
Broken chocolate chip cookies, for cheesecake sides
4 oz. cream cheese, softened
1/4 c. butter, softened
1/4 c. powdered sugar
2 tbsp. brown sugar
1/2 tsp. vanilla
pinch of kosher salt
1/4 c. mini chocolate chips
3  chocolate chip cookies, halved
2 c. broken chocolate chip cookies
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and wrap a 9" springform pan in foil.
Make the crust:
Make the cheesecake:         Bring a medium saucepan or teakettle full of water to a boil. 
        In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment (or a large bowl with a hand mixer), beat cream cheese on medium, scraping down the bowl as necessary, until completely smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Add sugar and salt and beat, scraping down bowl as necessary, until smooth and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add vanilla and beat 30 seconds. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating for 1 minute after each addition and scraping down the bowl as necessary. Add the sour cream and heavy cream and beat on low until fully incorporated and completely smooth, about 1 minute. 

Pour about a
third of the cheesecake batter into the cookie dough crust then sprinkle with about a
third of the chocolate chips. Add another third of the batter, followed by
another third of the chocolate chips. Add the rest of the batter, smooth the
top of the cheesecake, and sprinkle with the rest of the chocolate chips. Roll remaining 1/4 of the cookie dough into tiny balls and drop on top of cheesecake. 
Place
the cheesecake in a deep roasting pan and set on the middle rack of the oven.
Carefully pour enough boiling water into the roasting pan to come about halfway
up the sides of the springform pan. 
Bake until the top is just starting to
brown and only the center is slightly jiggly, about 1 hour to 1 hour 20 minutes. Turn off oven, prop open door
with a wooden spoon, and let cheesecake slowly cool in its water bath
for 1 hour. 
Remove roasting pan from oven, then carefully lift the springform pan out of the water and remove the foil. Set cheesecake on a rack and let come to room temperature. Once completely cool, loosely cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours, but preferably overnight. 
Make the frosting: 
Dollop frosting on top of cheesecake. Top each frosting circle with half a cookie, then cover cheesecake sides with crushed cookies.


1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
kosher salt
1 1/2 c. whole milk
3  large eggs
Cooking spray, for the pan
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
In a microwave-safe measuring cup, heat the milk until warm but not hot, about 30 seconds. Meanwhile, in the bowl of an electric mixer, whisk the eggs on medium until frothy. Increase speed to medium and add the milk.
Gradually add the flour mixture and whisk to combine. Coat every hole of 9-hole popover pan or every other hole of two 12-hole muffin pans with cooking spray and fill the greased holes with the batter.
Bake until golden brown, 60 to 65 minutes. Remove immediately from pan and serve with


1 1/2 c. Make-Ahead Whole-Grain Pancake Mix (link in step 1)
1 1/2 c. buttermilk
2  large eggs
3 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted, plus more for griddle
1 1/2 c. Sliced fresh strawberries
2 tbsp. poppy seeds
1 1/2 tbsp. lemon zest
1 1/2 tbsp. lemon juice
3/4 c. diced dried apricots
1/2 c. crumbled goat cheese
2 tbsp. Chopped fresh mint
2 tbsp. honey
1 c. peeled diced ripe pear
1/2 c. chopped toasted walnuts
3/4 tsp. cinnamon
1 c. almond granola
3/4 c. dark chocolate chips
1 c. diced fresh mango
3/4 c. sweetened flaked coconut
1/2 c. chopped roasted salted macadamia nuts
1 tbsp. lime zest
Stir together
Heat griddle or large nonstick skillet over medium heat; butter. Pour about ¼ cup batter for each pancake on griddle. Cook until tops are covered with bubbles and edges look dry, 2 to 4 minutes. Turn and cook until plump and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes. Place pancakes in a single layer on a baking sheet, and keep warm in a 175°F oven up to 30 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter.
To make any of the variations, fold all remaining ingredients into batter.


2  sticks unsalted butter
3/4 c. dark brown sugar
3/4 c. granulated sugar
1  egg
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. wheat flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. salt
1 1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chunks (plus more for topping cookies)
Preheat the oven to 375°F. As it heats, cream the butter and both types of sugar together until it's light and fluffy, about 2-3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla extract, beating to combine.
In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking soda and salt. Slowly mix in the flour mixture, then fold in 1 1/2 c. chocolate chunks.
Roll into 1 1/2-inch balls, placing them about two inches apart on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Top each cookie with a few extra chocolate chunks, for presentation's sake, and bake for 8-10 minutes, or until the cookie is lightly golden and no longer gooey in the center.


2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. cocoa powder
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/8 tsp. salt
2  large eggs
1/3 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 tbsp. unsalted butter, cut into pieces
8  mini Snickers, frozen (plus more for garnish)
whipped cream, for garnish
Preheat the oven to 400°F. Spray a muffin with cooking spray.
In a small bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt.
In a mixing bowl of an electric mixer, combine eggs, sugar and vanilla extract. Beat with the whisk attachment on high until the mixture is thick, white and tripled in size, about 5 minutes.
Place the chocolate and butter in a medium glass bowl and melt in the microwave on 30-second intervals, stirring with rubber spatula until smooth. Let it cool slightly, and then add it to the egg mixture. Using the rubber spatula gently fold the mixture. Add the flour mixture and continue to fold until combined.
Divide the batter into muffin cups about halfway up.
Put one Snickers in the center of each cake. Bake for 6 minutes. Transfer onto wire rack for 1-2 minutes, then place a cookie sheet on top and revert. Transfer the mini cakes onto serving plate using a spatula. Serve immediately, and garnish with more chopped Snickers and whipped cream.


1  package refrigerated or frozen biscuits
1 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. sugar
1 pt. strawberries, sliced into rounds
Bake biscuits according to package directions. Let cool slightly, then cut into circles using a 1" biscuit cutter.
Meanwhile, whip cream and sugar until soft peaks form. Transfer cream to a piping bag.
Assemble skewers: Layer a biscuit, whipped cream, and strawberry slice and repeat two times. Serve.


1  batch brownie batter
20  oreos
1/2 c. vanilla frosting
1/2 c. crushed oreos
3  scoops vanilla ice cream
Warm hot fudge, for drizzling
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large cast-iron or oven-proof skillet, pour half brownie batter and spread to cover bottom of pan. Add a layer of Oreos and top with remaining brownie batter.
Dollop spoonfuls of vanilla frosting and, using a toothpick, drag the tip through the frosting and batter to create swirl.
Top with half the crushed Oreos and bake until cooked through and a toothpick comes out with only a few moist crumbs, 22 to 24 minutes.
Let cool 10 minutes, then top with vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, and remaining crushed Oreos. Serve immediately (preferably with spoons).



24 oz. milk chocolate
1 1/2 c. marshmallow creme
1/3 c. heavy cream
2 c. mini marshmallows
1/4 c. crumbled graham crackers
Graham crackers, strawberries, or jumbo marshmallows for dipping
In a small saucepan over low heat, combine chocolate, marshmallow creme, and heavy cream. Let melt, then stir until creamy.
Heat broiler. Place mini marshmallows on a sheet pan and broil until golden, then add half to saucepan.
Top with crumbled graham crackers and remaining mini marshmallows and serve.


2 c. white chocolate chips
1 container vanilla frosting
1 c. strawberries, washed and halved
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 tbsp. vegetable oil
Melt the white chocolate chips in 20-second intervals until melted. Stir in the vanilla frosting. Pour into a foil-lined 8-inch by 8-inch baking dish.
Press the strawberry halves onto the top of the fudge. Let set in the refrigerator for at least one hour.
Cut fudge into squares.
Mix chocolate chips and vegetable oil in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave in 20-second intervals, stirring in between, until fully melted. Pour into a resealable plastic bag, clip off one end, and squeeze to drizzle chocolate on top of the fudge.


2 c. heavy cream
1 14-oz. can sweetened condensed milk
2 c. chopped strawberries, plus more for topping
1 c. chopped poundcake, plus more for topping
In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form.
Fold in sweetened condensed milk, strawberries, and pound cake.
Transfer mixture to a 9-x-5" loaf pan and smooth top with a spatula. Top with additional strawberries and pound cake and freeze until firm, 5 hours.
When ready to serve, remove from freezer to let soften, 10 minutes.


1 c. crushed graham crackers, plus more for topping
2 tbsp. butter, melted
2 c. chilled heavy whipping cream
2 c. mini semisweet chocolate chips, plus more for topping
1 c. chilled heavy whipping cream
1/2 c. marshmallow creme (or Marshmallow Fluff)
Make the Graham Cracker Crust:
Make the Chocolate Mousse:
Make the Marshmallow Whipped Cream:
Assemble the Dessert:


4 oz. dark chocolate, coarsely chopped
1/4 c. unsalted butter, softened
1/4 c. granulated sugar
1/4 c. light brown sugar
1  egg, at room temperature
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. salt
1 tbsp. cocoa powder
1/3 c. all-purpose flour
1/4 c. milk chocolate chips
1/4 c. white chocolate chips
1/4 c. dark chocolate chips
Ice cream, for serving
Warm hot fudge, for serving
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and butter a 5" cast-iron skillet.
In a medium bowl, microwave chocolate and butter until completely melted and smooth. Add sugars and whisk until completely combined, then add egg and vanilla extract and stir until combined.
Add salt, cocoa powder, and flour. Using a rubber spatula, fold flour mixture into chocolate mixture until just a bit of flour mixture remains visible. Gently fold in all chocolate chips.
Bake until toothpick comes out mostly clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Serve warm with ice cream and hot fudge.


1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened
3/4 c. white sugar
1/4 c. brown sugar
1  egg, at room temperature
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. white vinegar
1/2 tbsp. red food coloring
1 2/3 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. cocoa powder
3/4 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. salt
1/2 c. chocolate chips
1/4 c. Nutella
Ice cream, for serving
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and butter a 5" cast-iron skillet.
In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugars until light and fluffy, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Continue mixing and add egg, vanilla, vinegar, and food coloring. Scrape down bowl with a spatula.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. With the stand mixer on low, slowly add flour mixture until just combined (be careful to not over mix.) Fold in chocolate chips.
Place a heaping 1/2 cup of dough into skillet and spread until it covers the bottom. Spread dough with Nutella, leaving 1/4" around edges, then add another layer of cookie dough, completely covering Nutella. (You won't need to use all the dough; the skillet will overflow. Use remaining dough to make 3 to 5 cookies.)
Bake until cookie top no longer looks doughy and edges begin to brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm topped with ice cream.


1 c. Oreo cookie crumbs
1/4 c. butter
1/2 c. pureed strawberries (from about 1 cup strawberries)
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 c. confectioners' sugar
8 oz. frozen whipped topping (like Cool Whip or TruWhip)
1 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/3 c. heavy cream
Chocolate-covered strawberries, for garnish
Melted white chocolate, for garnish (optional)
Lightly grease three mini springform pans or line a standard 6 muffin tin with cupcake liners.
Make chocolate crust: 
Make cheesecake filling: 
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Add strawberry puree and powdered sugar and beat until incorporated and smooth. Add thawed whipped topping and continue beating until creamy and fluffy, scraping down sides as needed. 
Divide filling evenly between crusts, flattening the tops with a knife or spatula.
Make chocolate ganache: Place chocolate in a heat-proof bowl. Microwave heavy cream in a glass-measuring cup until bubbling, about 30 seconds. Pour over chocolate and let stand for 3 minutes, then whisk until smooth. 
Pour ganache over each mini cheesecake. Garnish with chocolate-covered strawberries and drizzle with white chocolate, if desired. 
Refrigerate at least two hours before serving. 


6 oz. white chocolate, coarsely chopped
2 oz. pink candy melts
1/4 tsp. canola or vegetable oil
8 oz. semi-sweet chocolate, coarsely chopped
Conversation heart candies and sprinkles for decorating
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Set aside.
With a double boiler or microwave, melt white chocolate and candy melts together. If using a microwave, stir chocolate every 20 seconds. Once melted and smooth, stir in oil. Set aside.
Melt semi-sweet chocolate the same way you melted white chocolate. Pour onto prepared baking sheet and spread out into a large rectangle using a spoon or rubber spatula. Drizzle white chocolate mixture on top. Use a knife or toothpick to swirl layers together. Sprinkle top of bark with conversation hearts and sprinkles.
Allow chocolate to set at room temperature in a cool, dry environment. If needed, you can stick refrigerate to speed up the cool down process. Once hardened, break into pieces as large or as small as you want.


1  stick butter, separated into 7 tbsp. and 1 tbsp.
1/3 c. brown sugar
8 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract, separated into 1 tsp. and 1/2 tsp.
pinch of kosher salt
1/4 c. powdered sugar
1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
1/2  loaf of sliced bread, white or wheat
5  eggs
1/3 c. milk
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
Make the Cookie Dough Filling
Make the French Toast
Dip stuffed French toast into egg mixture, submerging both sides completely. Place dipped French toast onto the sauté pan, cooking both sides until lightly golden. Repeat with all stuffed French toasts you’ve made. Serve warm with maple syrup.


1 c. Greek yogurt
1/2 c. Funfetti cake mix, divided
rainbow sprinkles
1/2  loaf of sliced bread, white or wheat
1 tbsp. butter
5  eggs
1/3 c. milk
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
Make the Birthday Cake Filling:
Make the Stuffed French Toast:
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a sauté pan over medium heat. As butter melts, grab a shallow bowl and beat eggs, milk, vanilla extract and cinnamon.
Dip stuffed French toast into egg mixture, submerging both sides completely. Place dipped French toast onto the sauté pan, cooking both sides until lightly golden. Repeat with all stuffed French toasts you’ve made.
Make the glaze:


1 c. diced strawberries, divided
1 tsp. sugar
1  8 oz. package cream cheese
1/3 c. powdered sugar
1/2  loaf of sliced bread, white or wheat
1 tbsp. butter
5  eggs
1/3 c. milk
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. cinnamon
Make the Strawberry Cheesecake Filling
Make the Stuffed French Toast
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a sauté pan over medium heat. As butter melts, grab a shallow bowl and beat eggs, milk, vanilla extract and cinnamon.
Dip stuffed French toast into egg mixture, submerging both sides completely. Place dipped French toast onto the sauté pan, cooking both sides until lightly golden. Repeat with all stuffed French toasts you’ve made.
Spoon remaining strawberries on top of each French toast. Serve warm with maple syrup.


1  14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk
1/2 c. yellow or Funfetti cake mix
2 c. white chocolate chips
rainbow sprinkles
Pour sweetened condensed milk and cake mix into a large bowl, stirring to combine. Add white chocolate chips, then microwave in 1-minute intervals, stirring in between, until fully melted. Fold in sprinkles, being careful not to stir too much (or the sprinkles’ coloring will melt into the fudge, creating a grayish tint).
Pour mixture into an aluminum foil-lined 8”x 8” baking dish (the foil will make it easier to pull out later). Top with additional sprinkles.
Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or until set. Cut into 1” bars and serve.




1  (2 sticks) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 c. light brown sugar, lightly packed
1/2 c. granulated sugar
2  large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. kosher salt
8 oz. semisweet chocolate chips, chopped into small chunks
2/3 c. chopped walnuts (optional)
Flaked sea salt, such as Maldon
Vanilla ice cream, for serving
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar on medium-high speed for 3 minutes, until light and fluffy. Scrape down the bowl with a rubber spatula. On low speed, add eggs one at a time, and then vanilla. Mix until well combined.
Combine flour, baking soda, and kosher salt in a small bowl, and with the mixer on low, add it to butter mixture until just incorporated. Using a wooden spoon, gently fold in chocolate chunks and walnuts.
Sprinkle a large pinch of salt over the bottom of an un-greased 10-inch cast iron skillet. Spoon cookie batter on top and smooth surface with a rubber spatula. Sprinkle with another big pinch of seat salt and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until baked through but still slightly soft in the center. (This will leave the very center of the cookie slightly under-cooked. If you prefer a crisper cookie, cook for an additional 5 minutes.)
Serve hot with vanilla ice cream.


2  14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk, divided
2  packets hot chocolate mix
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
2 c. white chocolate chips
1/2 c. marshmallow bits
In a microwave-safe bowl, add chocolate chips. Microwave in 1-minute intervals, stirring in between, until fully melted. Combine with one can sweetened condensed milk and 2 packets hot chocolate mix.
In another microwave-safe bowl, add white chocolate chips and microwave in 20-second intervals, stirring in between, until fully melted. Mix with second can of sweetened condensed milk.
In a parchment-lined 8”x 8” baking dish, pour hot chocolate mixture. Top with white chocolate mixture, then sprinkle with marshmallow bits.
Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or until set. Cut into 1” bars and serve.


3/4 c. heavy cream
1/4 tsp. instant espresso powder
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
4 oz. Semisweet chocolate, finely chopped
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 c. heavy cream
8 oz. white chocolate, finely chopped
1 1/2 tsp. Irish cream liqueur (such as Bailey's or Kerrygold) or pure vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
chopped pistachios
Chopped peanuts
chopped pecans
confectioners' sugar
cocoa powder
unsweetened coconut flakes
nonpareils
For the dark chocolate truffles, in a medium saucepan, heat the cream until barely simmering. Remove from heat and stir in the espresso. Add the bittersweet and semisweet chocolates and stir until melted and smooth. Stir in the vanilla, butter and salt. Transfer the mixture to a shallow bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours and up to 1 week.
Repeat for the white chocolate truffles, using the cream, white chocolate, Irish liqueur or vanilla and salt.
Using a small cookie scoop, melon baller or teaspoon, scoop enough chocolate to make 3/4-inch balls. Roll between palms until surface is smooth, then chill 10 minutes. Roll the balls in the toppings, shaking off excess.
Store the truffles in an airtight container, placing wax paper between each layer; refrigerate up to 3 days. Serve at room temperature.


3/4 c. pecans
1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
Pinch ground cloves
Pinch ground allspice
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1  large egg
1  12-oz. cherry jam
Confectioners' sugar, for dusting
In a food processor, pulse the pecans and 2 tablespoons flour until the mixture resembles fine crumbs. Add the cinnamon, cloves, allspice, salt and the remaining flour and pulse to combine.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg. Add pecan-flour mixture; mix to combine.
Divided the dough in half. Roll each half between 2 sheets of wax or parchment paper to 1/8-inch thick, then freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with 1 sheet of dough at a time, use a 2-inch-round fluted cutter to cut out cookies; transfer to the prepared baking sheets. Reroll, chill and cut the scraps.
With 1 sheet of cookies, use small 1/2-to 1-inch letter and heart cookie cutters to stamp out shapes. Bake until the edges are beginning to brown, 12 to 16 minutes.  Let cool completely on the baking sheets.
Pass the jam through a wide-mesh strainer; discard any large cherry pieces. Spoon jam onto the whole cookies (about 1 teaspoon jam per cookie); dust the stamped-out cookies with confectioners' sugar. Top jam cookies with stamped-out cookies.


3 c. heavy whipping cream
1  14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk
1/4 c. cookie butter, like Biscoff
2 c. crumbled Biscoff cookies, divided
In a large bowl, combine heavy whipping cream and condensed milk. Beat with an electric mixer on high until stiff peaks form.
Slowly fold in cookie butter until well-combined. Sprinkle over 1 cup of crumbled cookies and fold in.
Spoon mixture into loaf pan, and freeze for 4 hours or overnight until set.
Serve in glasses with remaining crumbled cookie garnish.


1  sugar cookie mix (plus any ingredients the mix requires)
1 jar peanut butter
1 jar  strawberry jam or jelly
Follow the package's instructions to make the cookie dough. Flatten the dough into a disc shape, cover it with plastic wrap, and freeze it for about 20 minutes so it's easier to roll out.
On a well-floured surface, roll out the cookie dough to about 1/4- to 1/8-inch thick. Use a tombstone-shaped or rectangular cookie cutter to cut out each cookie so it resembles a slice of bread. Place them on a parchment-lined baking sheet and bake according to the package's instructions (typically 10-12 minutes), or until the edges of the cookie are lightly golden. Set aside the cookies to cool.
Once cooled, slather one cookie with peanut butter and the other with jam, then assemble each "sandwich."


20  graham crackers, broken into pieces
6  Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, chopped
1  packet Reese's Pieces
1 c. mini marshmallows
1/4 c. peanut butter, warmed in microwave
1/4 c. melted chocolate
Heat broiler. In an ovenproof skillet, layer graham crackers, Reese's, Reese's Pieces, and mini marshmallows. Drizzle with peanut butter and chocolate and transfer to oven.
Heat until marshmallows are toasted and nachos are warm. Serve immediately.




2 tbsp. unsalted butter, cut up, plus more for pan
4 c. diced fresh peaches
2 c. fresh blueberries
1/2 c. sugar
1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. lemon zest
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. pure almond extract
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
Year-Round Cobbler Crust (link in step 2)
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly butter an 8-by-8-inch baking pan.
Stir together butter, peaches, blueberries, sugar, flour, lemon zest, vanilla, almond, and salt in a bowl; transfer to prepared pan. Top with
Bake until crust is golden brown and mixture is bubbly, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before serving.


2 tbsp. unsalted butter, cut up, plus more for pan
4 c. Halved strawberries
2 c. sliced rhubarb
1/2 c. sugar
1/4 c. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. Chopped fresh mint
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
Year-Round Cobbler Crust (link in step 2)
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly butter an 8-by-8-inch baking pan.
Stir together butter, strawberries, rhubarb, sugar, flour, mint, vanilla, and salt in a bowl; transfer to prepared pan. Top with
Bake until crust is golden brown and mixture is bubbly, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before serving.


1/4 c. (1/2 stick) unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pan
1 1/2 c. chopped pecans, toasted
1  (10-oz.) package bittersweet chocolate chips
3/4 c. dark corn syrup
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. cocoa powder
4  large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
Year-Round Cobbler Crust (link in step 2)
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly butter an 8-by-8-inch baking pan.
Stir together butter, pecans, chocolate chips corn syrup, sugar, flour, cocoa powder, eggs, vanilla and salt in a bowl; transfer to prepared pan. Sprinkle with
Bake until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before serving.


1 1/2 c. (spooned and leveled) all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. sugar
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 c. (1/2 stick) unsalted butter
1/4 c. milk
1  large egg yolk
Stir together flour, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Cut butter into flour mixture with two forks or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal.
Whisk together milk and egg yolk in a separate bowl. Add milk mixture to flour mixture and stir with a fork until crumbly. Sprinkle dough over desired filing or knead until dough comes together, 3 to 4 times; pat to 1/2-inch thick and cut into rounds or squares and place on desired filling.


1  package brownie mix (plus any ingredients the package requires)
1  package sugar cookie mix (plus any ingredients the package requires)
Preheat the oven to the temperature listed on the brownie mix.
Prepare the brownie mix according to the package's instructions, pouring the batter into the bottom of a well-greased baking dish. Set aside.
Prepare the sugar cookie mix according to the package's instructions. Take spoonfuls of dough, flatten them using your hands, and place each piece on top of the brownie mix, until it's almost completely covered. (you may have extra sugar cookie dough leftover; you could bake cookies or wrap in plastic wrap and freeze for later.)
Bake according to the brownie mix's instructions. You may need an extra 3-4 minutes of cook time, just to ensure the sugar cookies are baked. When you insert a toothpick into the cookie-brownies, the toothpick should come out with just a few crumbs—no goo.


1  box sugar cookie mix (plus any ingredients the mix requires)
1 1/2 tbsp. sugar
1 c. heavy whipping cream
1 c. quartered strawberries
1 tsp. sugar
Make the cookies: 
Make the whipped cream: 
Make the strawberries: Combine strawberries and sugar in a small bowl, stirring to coat. Let sit for 20 minutes, until juices form. Serve with whipped cream and fresh cookies, letting people assemble their own short-cookie treats. 


1  box brownie mix (plus any ingredients the mix requires)
1 c. quartered strawberries
1 tsp. sugar
1  half-gallon ice cream in your favorite flavor
1 jar fudge sauce
Preheat the oven and prepare the brownie batter according to the brownie mix's instructions. Pour the batter into the cups of a muffin tin, filling each one only two-thirds of the way full. Bake according to the package's instructions.
Grease the bottom of a second, matching muffin tin—or the bottom of a measuring cup that fits inside of the muffin tin—and press it into each freshly baked brownie. We let the brownies sit for 2 minutes before starting this process, just so they could firm up a little, but not so much that they'd be too hard to press.
If using two muffin tins, keep the two pressed together until the brownies have cooled, about 20 minutes. If using measuring cups, keep them pressed for a minute or two before gently removing them. (We found it was easier to pop the brownie cup out of the muffin tin, still attached to the measuring cup, then gently twist it off. Keep the measuring cup well greased—these brownie cups have a tendency to crumble easily when you pull them out.)
Place the chopped strawberries and sugar in a small bowl and leave in the refrigerator for 20 minutes to sweeten the berries and pull out any juices.
Fill each brownie cup with a scoop of your favorite ice cream, fudge sauce, and strawberries. Serve immediately.


1  box brownie mix (as well as any ingredients the mix calls for to make brownies)
1 c. sweetened condensed milk
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. heavy cream
Preheat the oven, according to the mix's instructions (typically 325-350°F). As the oven heats, open the brownie mix and measure out 1/2 cup of the mix. Set the rest aside.
Pour the 1/2 cup brownie mix into a medium-sized mixing bowl and add the sweetened condensed milk. Mix until thoroughly combined. Set aside.
Bake the remaining brownie mix according to the package's instructions without altering it. You may need a few extra minutes to fully cook the center of the brownies, since they'll be a bit fudgier than usual. Set aside to cool, then crumble the brownies into bite-sized pieces.
Pour the heavy cream into a large mixing bowl and beat until stiff peaks form, about 2-3 minutes. (When you remove the whisk from the heavy cream, it should stay standing up.) Fold in the sweetened condensed milk mixture, then most of the brownie bits.
Pour the mixture into a loaf pan, top with remaining brownie bits and refrigerate overnight, or at least 8 hours.


3/4 c. graham cracker crumbs
2 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
6 oz. brick-style light cream cheese, softened to room temperature
3/4 c. plain nonfat Greek yogurt, at room temperature
2  large eggs, at room temperature
1  large egg yolk, at room temperature
1/4 c. granulated sugar
1/3 c. pineapple juice
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Optional: Top with pineapple and cherries for serving
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Line the bottom and sides of an 8 or 9-inch square baking pan with aluminum foil or parchment, leaving an overhang on all sides to easily lift the bars out of the pan before cutting. Set aside.
Make crust: 
Make filling:
Pour filling onto the crust. Bake for 30 minutes or until the center of the bars no longer jiggles (remove from the oven and gently wiggle the pan to check). Allow the bars to cool at room temperature set on a wire rack for 30 minutes, then transfer to the refrigerator to chill for 3 to 4 hours or even overnight.



2 tbsp. butter
1/4 c. confectioners' sugar
1  large egg white
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/8 tsp. salt
1/4 c. all-purpose flour
10  strips paper (3" by 1/2") with fortunes
Melted chocolate (dark, milk or white), for decorating
Chopped nuts, for decorating, optional
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 small cookie sheets with parchment.
In small saucepan, heat butter on low until melted; remove from heat. Whisk in confectioners' sugar, egg white, vanilla and salt until blended. Beat in flour until smooth.
Drop 1 heaping teaspoon batter onto sheet. With small metal spatula or back of spoon, spread batter evenly to form 3-inch round. Repeat with another teaspoon batter at least 4 inches away from first.
Bake until cookies are lightly golden 6 to 7 minutes. Loosen both cookies with metal spatula; flip onto flat sides.
Working with 1 cookie at a time, place fortune across center of hot cookie. Fold hot cookie in half, forming semicircle; press edges together.
Quickly fold semicircle over edge of small bowl to create fortune-cookie shape. Place in mini muffin pan to hold shape. Repeat with remaining cookie.
Repeat with remaining batter and strips of fortune paper to make 10 cookies in all, cooling cookie sheets between batches.
If desired, dip cookies in and/or drizzle them with chocolate, then roll in nuts. Place on waxed paper until set.


1 package instant chocolate pudding mix
2 c. milk
1/2 package chocolate wafers
1 container cool whip
1 jar caramel sauce
1/3 c. Chopped peanuts
1  Snickers bar, chopped
Whisk chocolate pudding mix and 2 c. milk until no lumps remain in the batter, and leave for five minutes to set (or follow the package's instructions, if they differ).
Layer chocolate wafers in the bottom of an 8-inch by 8-inch square baking pan or casserole dish. Top with a layer of Cool Whip, drizzle caramel sauce on it, then add a layer of chocolate pudding. Pour half of the chopped peanuts on top, then repeat this process until you've reached the top of the casserole dish. Top with additional caramel sauce and chopped Snickers bars.
Refrigerate for at least two hours. Serve chilled.


3 c. heavy cream
1 can sweetened condensed milk, 14 ounces
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4  miniature candy canes, crushed
2/3 c. crumbled peppermint bark
1/2 c. miniature semisweet chocolate chips
Beat heavy cream using an electric mixer until stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes. Stir in the sweetened condensed milk and vanilla until thoroughly combined.
Mix in the crushed candy cane pieces, mixing just enough so they start to leave pink streaks in the ice cream.
Fold in the peppermint bark and chocolate chips, setting aside a few to sprinkle on top of the ice cream. Pour the ice cream batter into a loaf pan, add the extra chips and bark, and place in the freezer until firm, about 6 hours.


Chocolate syrup, for drizzling
3 scoops vanilla ice cream
3/4 c. eggnog
1 tsp. ground nutmeg, plus a sprinkle for garnish
whipped cream, for garnish
Drizzle the inside of a glass with chocolate syrup.
In a blender, blend together ice cream, eggnog, and nutmeg until smooth. (Add more milk for a thinner consistency.)
Pour milkshake into glass and garnish with whipped cream and ground nutmeg.


1 c. red velvet cake, plus crumbles for rim and garnish
3 scoops vanilla ice cream
1/2 c. milk
2 tbsp. cream cheese
whipped cream, for garnish
Dip glass in water and then red velvet cake crumbles. Transfer to a freezer while you make the milkshake.
In a blender, blend ice cream, red velvet cake, milk, and cream cheese until smooth. (Add more milk for a thinner consistency.)
Pour into glass, top with whipped cream, and garnish with red velvet cake crumbles.


Cinnamon sugar, for rimming glass
3 scoops vanilla ice cream
1  snickerdoodle coookie, plus more for garnish
1/2 c. milk
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon

In a blender, blend ice cream, snickerdoodle, milk, and cinnamon until smooth. (Add more milk for a thinner consistency.)
Pour into glass and garnish with crumbled snickerdoodles.


1  candy cane, crushed
3 scoops mint chip ice cream
4  Peppermint Thin Oreos
1/2 c. milk
whipped cream, for garnish

In a blender, blend ice cream, 3 Oreos, and milk until smooth. (Add more milk for a thinner consistency.)
Pour milkshake into glass and garnish with whipped cream and crushed Oreos.


2 1/2 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. sugar
1 c. cold unsalted butter, cut up
1/4 c. ice water
Whisk together flour, salt, and sugar. Cut in butter until it resembles coarse meal with several pea-size pieces remaining. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, using a fork to pull dough together into a crumbly pile (add up to an additional 2 tablespoons of water if needed).
Divided dough into two piles; wrap each in plastic wrap. Use the plastic to flatten and press dough into disks. Refrigerate until firm, 2 hours.


3 tbsp. all-purpose flour, plus more for surfac
1/2  recipe Basic Pie Dough
2  graham crackers, divided
2/3 c. sugar
1/3 c. cocoa powder
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
4 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1  large egg, plus egg wash for crust
6  large marshmallows, halved
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a floured surface, roll 1/2 of
Whisk together sugar, cocoa powder, and salt. Whisk in butter. Whisk in vanilla and egg. Spread batter over dough and graham crackers, leaving a 2-inch border. Fold dough over batter; brush dough with egg wash.
Bake until golden and set, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from oven and top with marshmallows. Bake until marshmallows are golden, 5 to 10 minutes. Crush remaining 1/2 graham cracker, and sprinkle over top; cool slightly.


1 tbsp. all-purpose flour, plus more for surface
1/2  recipe Basic Pie Dough
2/3 c. buttermilk
1/2 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. light brown sugar
2  large eggs
2 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
1/4 c. lemon juice
2 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
1/8 tsp. kosher salt
Confectioners' sugar, for dusting
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a floured surface, roll 1/2
Line tart pan with parchment paper, leaving an overhang, and fill with dried beans. Bake, on a rimmed baking sheet, until edges are golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove parchment and beans. Bake until bottom is light golden and dry, 5 to 10 minutes.
Whisk together flour, buttermilk, granulated sugar, light brown sugar, eggs, lemon zest and juice, butter, and salt. Carefully pour into warm tart crust to within 1/4-inch of the top. Bake until filling is set, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool, on a rack, at least 2 hours. Remove tart ring and dust with confectioners' sugar.


1/4 c. cornstarch
1 tsp. finely grated lime zest
1 tbsp. lime juice
2/3 c. plus 2 tbsp. sugar, divided, plus more for sprinkling
1 tsp. kosher salt, divided
12 oz. cranberries
12 oz. frozen sweet cherries
1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 c. cold unsalted butter, cut up
3/4 c. buttermilk or whole milk
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk together cornstarch, lime zest, lime juice, 2/3 cup sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add cranberries and cherries; toss to combine. Transfer to a 9-inch pie plate.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, and remaining salt. Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add buttermilk and gently mix to form a wet, shaggy dough. Dollop mounds of dough on top of fruit; sprinkle with sugar. Bake, on baking sheet, until golden and bubbling, 50 to 55 minutes; cool slightly.


Butter, for dish
1 large loaf bread, sliced 1" thick
4  large eggs, whisked
4 c. eggnog
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. ground nutmeg
Warm maple syrup, for drizzling
1/4 c. chopped pecans, for topping
Butter a 9"-x-13" baking dish. Arrange bread slices in an overlapping layer.
In a large bowl, whisk eggs, eggnog, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and nutmeg until combined. Pour mixture over bread and press bread down, making sure all pieces are submerged in eggnog-egg mixture.
Cover baking dish with aluminum foil and transfer to the refrigerator t least 3 hours and up to overnight.
When ready to bake, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Transfer dish to oven and bake, covered, until cooked through, 25 minutes.
Serve with maple syrup and pecans.


8  Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced thinly
1 tbsp. cinnamon
1/2 c. brown sugar
1/4 c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. flour
1/4 c. caramel sauce (recipe below)
2  pie crusts, refrigerated 1 hour
egg wash (1 egg mixed with 1 tbsp. water)
sanding sugar (for decorating crust)
1/2 c. butter
3 tbsp. flour
1/4 c. water
1/2 c. sugar
1/2 c. brown sugar
Preheat the oven to 375°F.
For the Apple Pie Crust and Filling: 
Roll out your pie dough circles and add one to each mini pie tin.
Add the apple mixture to each pie. For a rosette-style apple pie like the one pictured, layer slices from the outside in, working in circles until the pie is full. You may have to bend or cut the apple slices to fit in the very center. For a traditional, double-crust pie, just pour the slices in, creating an even layer in each pie tin. Set aside.
For the caramel sauce: 
Drizzle caramel sauce over all of the apples.
If you're making a traditional, double-crust pie (instead of rosette), roll out a second pie crust for each of the pies and use cookie cutters to cut out a design in each one, then place the crust on top of each pie, crimping the edges to seal it. If you don't have cookie cutters, use a knife to cut vent holes in the pie crust instead.
Brush the crust with egg wash and sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake for 35 minutes, or until the juices are bubbly.


1  refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crust (from a 15-oz box of 2)
1 can 100% pure pumpkin
1½ c. milk
¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground nutmeg
¼ tsp. salt
Pinch each ground cloves and ginger
Leaf decoration: see Note
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Fit crust into a 9-in. pie plate. If desired, crimp or flute edges, or decorate as shown.
Put all ingredients in a large bowl and whisk, or beat with an electric mixer, until blended. Pour into crust.
Bake 1 hour or until a pointed knife inserted near center comes out clean.
Remove to a wire rack and cool 1 hour, or refrigerate.
Form a 1/2-in.-high rim around edge of crust. Using a sharp knife, cut through raised rim at 1/2 in. intervals. Alternating, turn cut edges in and out from edge of pie plate. Score lines with blunt edge of a knife. Using a leaf-shaped cookie cutter, cut leaves from other pie crust in box. Brush with water; sprinkle with sugar. Bake on a baking sheet until golden. Place 3 in center of baked pie; add rest to servings.


1 block cream cheese (8 ounces), softened
1 c. frozen whipped topping, like Cool Whip
3/4 c. red velvet cake mix
1/2 c. mini white chocolate chips
1 package graham crackers, for dipping
Beat cream cheese using an electric mixer until it's light and fluffy.
Turn the mixer to low and add in the whipped topping and red velvet cake mix. Once thoroughly combined, turn off the mixer and use a silicone spatula or spoon to fold in the white chocolate chips.
Serve with graham crackers or chocolate wafers for dipping.


2 c. heavy cream
1 packet instant vanilla pudding mix (3.4 ounces)
1 1/2 c. eggnog
1 tsp. nutmeg, plus more to sprinkle on top
Ginger snap cookies, for serving
In a stand mixer, beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form, about 1 to 2 minutes. Set aside.
Grab a large mixing bowl and pour in the pudding mix and eggnog. Whisk and set for 5 minutes.
Fold the pudding into the whipped cream mixture, along with the nutmeg. (Chill if desired.)
Sprinkle with more nutmeg before serving.


4 oz. cream cheese
1 container frozen whipped topping, like Cool Whip
1/4 c. crushed mini Peppermint sticks
1/3 c. chocolate chips
Beat the cream cheese using an electric mixer until it's light and fluffy (a whisk also works too, but it will take a few minutes). Mix in the whipped topping.
Stir in the crushed peppermint sticks, then fold in the chocolate chips.


1 container frozen whipped topping, like Cool Whip
1 package vanilla pudding mix
1 banana sliced
chocolate fudge sauce
rainbow sprinkles
maraschino cherry, for garnish
Combine whipped topping, pudding mix and half of the banana slices in a large mixing bowl. Use an electric mixer to beat ingredients together until thoroughly combined.
Fold in about one tablespoon of fudge sauce, mixing it just enough to create ribbons of fudge—not completely stirring it in.
Top the dip with banana slices, sprinkles and a fudge drizzle. Add a cherry on top, if you're feeling like going all out.


40  chocolate wafer cookies
3/4 c. sugar, divided
3/4 tsp. kosher salt, divided
4 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1/4 c. cornstarch
4  large egg yolks
2 c. half-and-half
1/2 c. brewed coffee
1 c. heavy cream
Shaved chocolate, for serving
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Process cookies, 2 tablespoons sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor until fine crumbs form, 15 to 30 seconds. Add butter and pulse to combine, 5 to 10 times. Press cookie mixture in the bottom ad sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake, on a baking sheet, until crust is dry and set, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool on a rack.
Place chocolate chips in a bowl. Whisk together cornstarch, egg yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan. Whisk in half-and-half and coffee. Cook over medium low heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and the whisk holds a trail, 6 to 8 minutes. Strain over chocolate chips.

Discard plastic wrap. Whip cream and 2 tablespoons sugar to medium peaks and dollop over chilled pie.
Serve topped with shaved chocolate


1  recipe Basic Pie Dough
1/4 c. sesame seeds, plus more for sprinkling
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour, plus more for surface
1/4 c. sugar, plus more for sprinkling
1/4 tsp. ground allspice
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
2 1/2 lb. pears, cut into 1-in. pieces
8 oz. dates, pitted and quartered
Egg wash, for brushing crust
Make dough as instructed, stirring sesame seeds into flour mixture before adding butter.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a floured surface, roll one disk of
Whisk together flour, sugar, allspice, and salt. Add pears and dates; toss to coat. Transfer to pie plate.
On a floured surface, roll remaining disk of dough to a 13-inch circle; place on pie; trim overhang to 1-inch. Tuck overhangs underneath and crimp; cut four vents in top crust. Freeze 15 minutes.
Brush with egg wash and sprinkle with sesame seeds and sugar. Bake on a baking sheet, until brown and bubbling, 60 to 75 minutes. Cool, on a rack, at least 4 hours.


2 c. pecans
1 c. old-fashioned rolled oats
4 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
3/4 tsp. kosher salt, divided
1 c. pumpkin puree
1/2 c. heavy cream
1/3 c. packed light brown sugar
1/4 c. whole milk
2  large eggs plus 1 large egg white
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp. ground ginger
Pinch ground cloves
Candied pecans, for serving
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Toast pecans and oats on a baking sheet until golden and fragrant, 10 to 12 minutes; cool.
Process pecans, oats, butter, granulated sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor until finely ground, 2 to 4 minutes. Press mixture in bottom and up sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Freeze 15 minutes. Bake, on a baking sheet, until set, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool on a rack.
Whisk together pumpkin , cream, brown sugar, milk, eggs, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Pour into crust and bake until filling is set, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool on a rack. Chill at least 2 hours.
Serve topped with candied pecans.


1/2 c. sugar
1/2  vanilla bean, seeds scraped
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
3 to 4  large bananas, halved lengthwise
All-purpose flour, for surface
1/2  recipe Basic Pie Dough
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cook sugar, vanilla seeds, and salt in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until mixture is amber and a spatula leaves a trail, 4 to 6 minutes. Pour syrup into the bottom of a nonstick 9-inch pie plate; cool slightly. Arrange bananas cut-side down in a snug single layer on top of caramel, cutting to fit if necessary.
On a floured surface, roll 1/2
Bake 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F and bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Invert onto a serving plate.




14  graham crackers
2/3 c. plus 1 tbsp. sugar, divided
1/2 c. unsalted butter, melted
16 oz. cream cheese, at room temperature
1/3 c. sour cream, at room temperature
1  vanilla bean, seeds scraped
2  large eggs, at room temperature
2  large apples, peeled and sliced
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Pulse graham crackers, 1 tablespoon sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt in a food processor until fine crumbs form 8 to 10 times. Add butter and pulse to combine, 4 to 6 times. Press mixture in bottom and up sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake until set, 12 to 15 minutes; cool.
Pulse cream cheese, 1/3 cup sugar and 1/4 teaspoon, salt in a food processor, until smooth, 8 to 10 times. Add sour cream and vanilla seeds; pulse until smooth, 3 to 4 times. Scrape down sides of bowl, add eggs and pulse to combine; pour into crust. Bake until edges are set but center is still wobbly, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool on a rack. Chill at least 2 hours.
Melt 1/3 cup suagr in a large skillet over medium heat. Add apples and cook, stirring, until golden, 10 to12 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons water and cook, stirring, until smooth and slightly reduced, 1 to 2 minutes; cool. Spoon over cheesecake.


2 tbsp. all-purpose flour, plus more for surface
1  recipe Basic Pie Dough
1/4 c. raspberry jam
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
2 1/2 lb. Granny Smith, Golden Delicious, or Pink Lady apples, peeled and thinly sliced
1 c. frozen raspberries
Egg wash, for brushing crust
Raw sugar, for sprinkling
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a floured surface, roll one disk
Whisk together flour, jam, granulated sugar, vanilla, and salt. Add apples and raspberries; toss to coat. Transfer to pie plate. Freeze 15 minutes.
ON a floured surface, roll remaining disk of dough to a 12-inch circle. Cut into 1 1/2-inch strips; discard trimmings. Weave strips into a lattice pattern over fruit. Fold bottom overhang over lattice edges and crimp to seal. Brush dough with egg wash; sprinkle with raw sugar. Freeze 15 minutes.
Bake, on a baking sheet, until golden and bubbling, 60 to 75 minutes. Cool, on a rack, at least 4 hours.


1  recipe Basic Pie Dough
4 oz. sharp Cheddar cheese, grated
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour, plus more for surface
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1/3 c. packed light brown sugar
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
3/4 tsp. kosher salt
2 1/2 lb. Granny Smith, Golden Delicious, or Pink Lady apples, peeled and thinly sliced
Egg wash, for brushing crust
Make dough as instructed, tossing cheese into flour mixture before adding butter.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a floured surface, roll one disk of
Cook butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, swirling, until golden brown, 2 to 4 minutes. Whisk together flour, sugar, cinnamon, and salt. Add apples and brown butter; toss to coat. Transfer to pie plate.
On a floured surface, roll remaining disk of dough to a 13-inch circle; place on pie; trim overhang to 1-inch. Tuck overhangs underneath and crimp; cut four vents in top crust. Freeze 15 minutes.
Brush with egg wash. Bake, on a baking sheet until golden and bubbling, 60 to 75 minutes. Cool, on a rack, at least 4 hours.


3  large eggs
1 c. whole milk
3/4 c. all-purpose flour
1/4 c. unsweetened cocoa
3 tbsp. sugar
3 tbsp. butter, plus more for greasing
1/2 tsp. salt
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Generously grease cups of popover pan or eight 6- to 8-ounce ramekins.
In blender, puree eggs, milk, flour, unsweetened cocoa, sugar, butter and salt until smooth.
Divide evenly among cups. Bake 40 minutes.
With small pairing knife, cut small slit in top of each popover. Bake 10 minutes more. Remove from oven; immediately transfer from cups to wire rack. Serve warm. Cooled popovers can be kept at room temperature up to 3 hours or frozen up to 1 month. Reheat at 350 degrees F until crisp.


1 c. sugar
1/3 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. butter
6  pears
Flake sea salt or coarse sugar, for serving
In small saucepan, heat sugar on medium, stirring occasionally until sugar dissolves. Increase heat to high; cook until caramel turns amber (this will happen quickly). Remove from heat; carefully stir in heavy cream until smooth. Stir in butter. Dip pears, one at a time, into caramel. Sprinkle with flaky sea salt (or coarse sugar) and place on parchment to set.


2  recipes 2-Pie Pastry
1  28-oz. can pure pumpkin
1 tsp. grated peeled fresh ginger
4  large eggs
1 c. brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. pumpkin spice
1 tsp. salt
1 1/2 c. heavy cream
1 1/2 c. whole milk
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. On floured surface, with lightly floured rolling pin, roll one of the
Place pans on large cookie sheets; freeze 20 minutes. Line each with parchment; fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake 12 minutes or until dry. Remove parchment and weights. Bake another 8 to 10 minutes or until just golden. Transfer to wire rack.
In 4-quart saucepan, cook pumpkin and ginger on medium-high about 10 minutes or until mixture is dry and pasty, stirring often. Remove from heat.
In large bowl, whisk eggs, sugars, pie spice and salt until smooth. Whisk in cream and milk. Pour mixture into pot with pumpkin. Whisk until smooth; ladle into tart shells.
Bake 20 minutes or until edges are set but centers are still jiggly. Cool completely on wire rack.


1  recipe 2-Pie Pastry
2  Gala or Fuji apples, peeled, cored and finely chopped
3 c. (12-oz.) cranberries
1 1/4 c. granulated sugar
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp. ground ginger
1 c. (5-oz.) frozen blueberries
1 c. (4-oz.) frozen raspberries
1/4 c. cornstarch
1 tbsp. heavy cream
1  large egg yolk
3 tbsp. coarse sugar
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. On floured surface, with lightly floured rolling pin, roll on disk of
Roll remaining disk into 10-inch circle. With floured leaf-shaped cutters, cut out shapes from dough. Freeze cutouts on waxed-paper-lined plate or cookie sheet while making filling.
Make filling: in 5-quart saucepot, combine apples, cranberries, sugar, cinnamon, ginger and pinch salt. Simmer on medium 10 to 15 minutes or until most cranberries burst, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat. To cranberry mixture, add blueberries, raspberries and cornstarch. Place pie shell on rimmed baking sheet. Add filling; spread evenly.
In small bowl whisk cream and egg yolk. Arrange cutouts all over top of pie. Brush shapes with cream mixture; sprinkle with coarse sugar. Bake 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes or until crust is deep golden brown and filling is bubbly.


6 c. (24-oz.) fresh cranberries
4  (3-in.) strips orange zest
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 c. plus 2/3 c. sugar
2  recipes 2-Pie Pastry
2  tubes or cans (7 to 8-oz. each) almond paste, crumbled
1/2 c. (1 stick) Butter, softened
1/2 tsp. salt
4  large eggs
4 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 c. all-purpose flour
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In large saucepan, combine half of cranberries; orange zest; cinnamon; and 1 cup sugar. Cook on medium 8 to 10 minutes or until some berries have burst; stir in remaining berries. Chill until cold.
On floured surface, with floured rolling pin, roll one disk of
Place pans on large cookie sheets; freeze 20 minutes. Line each with parchment; fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake 12 minutes or until dry. Remove parchment and weights. Bake another 8 to 10 minutes or until just golden.
Meanwhile, in food processor, pulse almond paste, butter, salt and remaining 2/3 cup sugar until combined. Pulse in eggs and vanilla until smooth. Pulse in flour until just combined. Pour filling into warm tart shells. Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until top is golden and set. Cool completely on wire rack. To serve, discard zest from cranberry mixture, then divide among tarts.


1  sleeve salted Saltine crackers (about 40 crackers)
1 c. (2 sticks) unsalted butter
1 c. packed light brown sugar
6 tbsp. creamy peanut butter
2 1/2 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 c. crushed M&Ms;
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Generously spray a half-sheet pan with cooking spray or line with silicone baking mat. Line saltines on pan, leaving a little bit of room between each.
Stirring lightly, bring butter and brown sugar to a boil in a large saucepan. As it begins to boil, leave it alone without stirring for 3 minutes. Pour boiling mixture evenly over crackers, then bake for 5 minutes.
As toffee bakes, melt peanut butter in microwave. Remove toffee from oven and pour peanut butter over top. Then smooth it into an even layer. Immediately sprinkle chocolate chips on top, then return pan to oven for 1 minute to help chocolate chips melt. Remove from oven and spread chocolate chips into one melted chocolate layer. Top with crushed M&Ms.;
Refrigerate toffee for 2 hours. Once set, break into pieces.


1 tube premade chocolate chip cookie dough
2/3 packet instant chocolate pudding mix
1 1/2 c. milk
1 container cool whip
1/3 packet instant chocolate pudding mix
1/2 c. crumbled brownie pieces
chocolate sauce
For the crust:
For the pudding layer: 
For the chocolate whipped cream layer:


3 c. heavy cream
1 14-oz. can sweetened condensed milk
2-3  hot cocoa packets
1 c. mini marshmallows, plus more for garnish
In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form.
Fold in sweetened condensed milk, hot cocoa packets, and mini marshmallows.
Transfer mixture to a 9-x-5" loaf pan and smooth the top with a spatula. Top with additional marshmallows and freeze until firm, 5 hours.
When ready to serve, remove from freezer to let soften 10 minutes.


1 container cool whip
3/4 c. mini chocolate chips
9  chocolate chip cookies
1  Oreo crust
1 snack pack mini Chips Ahoy! cookies (optional)
3  Oreo cookies, crumbled
Mix Cool Whip and mini chocolate chips. Spread half into an Oreo pie crust.
Add a layer of chocolate chip cookies. Cover with remaining Cool Whip-chocolate chip mixture. Garnish with crumbled Oreos and mini cookies.
Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, just to soften the cookies. Serve chilled.


1 1/3 c. water
1 packet strawberry Jello mix
1 (8-oz) container cool whip
1/2 c. sliced strawberries
1  premade graham cracker crust
whipped cream
Boil 2/3 cup water. Once bubbling, pour in Jello mix, stirring until dissolved. Remove from heat, and stir in remaining 2/3 cup water (the water should be cool). Stir for about two minutes.
Mix in Cool Whip, stirring just until combined. Fold in sliced strawberries and pour into graham cracker crust. Refrigerate for four hours, or until stiff.
Top with whipped cream just before serving.


1 packet instant vanilla pudding mix
1 c. sweetened flaked coconut, plus more for topping
1  premade graham cracker crust
1 container cool whip
1 can crushed pineapple, drained
Prepare vanilla pudding according to the package's instructions. Once it has set, mix with coconut and pour into the premade pie crust.
In a separate bowl, combine Cool Whip and crushed pineapple. Pour mixture on top of the pie. Sprinkle with additional flaked coconut. Place in the fridge for at least 1 hour. Serve chilled.


3/4 c. coffee
3/4 c. half & half
1 packet  instant chocolate pudding mix (3.4 ounces)
1 container Cool Whip (8 ounces)
2 tbsp. chocolate sauce (plus more for drizzle)
1  chocolate graham cracker crust
1 can whipped cream
Mix coffee and half & half. Stir in pudding mix, beating with a whisk or electric mixer for about two minutes, or until thickened slightly and frothy. Fold in Cool Whip and chocolate sauce until just combined.
Pour the mixture into a chocolate graham cracker crust and freeze for three hours, until set.
Just before serving, top each slice with a swirl of whipped cream and a drizzle of chocolate sauce.


1 packet instant chocolate pudding mix
2 c. milk
2/3 c. peanut butter (plus more for drizzling)
1 container Cool Whip (8 ounces)
1  Oreo cookie crust
2 packs Peanut Butter Cups (4 total)
Whisk the chocolate pudding mix and milk together until combined. Put in the refrigerator to chill until set, about 5 minutes.
Heat peanut butter in the microwave in 20-second intervals, stirring in between, until fully melted. Stir into Cool Whip, mixing until just combined.
Pour chocolate pudding into the Oreo crust; top with peanut butter-Cool Whip. Top with crushed peanut butter cups. Drizzle with additional melted peanut butter if you'd like. Serve chilled.


1 1/4 c. Acini de Pepe Pasta
1 can pineapple chunks, drained (reserve 1/3 cup juice; use 14-ounce can)
1 2/3 c. milk
1/4 c. sugar
1 package instant vanilla pudding
1 can crushed pineapple, drained (8-ounce can)
2 cans mandarin oranges, drained (12 ounces each)
3 c. mini marshmallows
2/3 c. sweetened flaked coconut
Cook the pasta according to the package's instructions. Drain excess water, rinse with cool water to bring the pasta to room temperature, and set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, beat the pineapple juice, milk, sugar and pudding mix until thoroughly combined, about 1-2 minutes.
Fold in the pasta, both kinds of pineapple, oranges, marshmallows and coconut. Cover and refrigerate for at least 3 hours, or overnight, if you want to make it ahead.


1  (8 oz) package cream cheese, softened
1/4 c. sugar
1 1/2 c. heavy cream
2 c. milk
3  small packages vanilla pudding mix
1 c. pumpkin purée
1 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
10  graham cracker sheets
1/4 c. Caramel
Pecans, for garnish
In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat cream cheese and ¼
cup sugar until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Slowly add in 1 1/2 cups heavy
cream and beat until stiff peaks form.
In another medium bowl, beat milk, pudding mix, pumpkin, and
pumpkin pie spice until well-mixed and thick. (Start with 1 1/2 cups milk and beat until it's the consistency of a pudding—if it's too thick, continue to add the rest of the milk.)
Layer lasagna:
Cover loosely with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to overnight.
Drizzle with caramel and garnish with pecans before serving.


1  8-oz. brick cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. packed dark brown sugar
1  15-oz. can pure pumpkin
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
2 c. heavy cream, cold
2 tbsp. plus 1/2 c. granulated sugar
2 c. crumbled ginger cookies or graham crackers
1 1/4 c. chopped candied nuts
With mixer on medium speed, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in brown sugar until smooth. Add pumpkin, vanilla and pumpkin pie spice. Mix until smooth, scraping side of bowl as needed; set aside. In separate bowl, with mixer on medium-high speed, beat cream until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in 2 tablespoons granulated sugar until stiff peaks form.
In medium bowl, combine cookies and 1 cup chopped nuts; divide half among 8 parfait glasses. Divided half of pumpkin mixture among glasses, followed by half of whipped cream. Repeat layering of cookies, pumpkin and whipped cream. Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours or up to 1 day.
Line cookie sheet with foil. Spray foil with nonstick cooking spray. In small saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons water and remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar to boiling on medium-high; cook until golden. Working quickly, stir in remaining 1/4 cup nuts, then spread mixture onto prepared foil in thin layer. Cool completely. Break into small shards. To serve trifles, garnish with brittle.


3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. pumpkin pie spice
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. salt
1  15-oz. can pure pumpkin
1/4 c. molasses (not blackstrap)
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 3/4 c. granulated sugar
1 c. (2 sticks) butter, softened
4  large eggs
2  8-oz. bricks cream cheese, softened
6 tbsp. butter, softened
1 c. confectioners' sugar
1/8 tsp. salt
3  large egg whites, room temperature
1 c. granulated sugar
1/4 c. water
1 tsp. light corn syrup
1/4 tsp. cream of tartar
Prepare Cake: 
With mixer on medium speed, beat sugar and butter until well blended and creamy, scraping side of bowl as needed. With mixer on low speed, beat in eggs, one at a time. Add flour mixture and pumpkin mixture, alternating. Beat until smooth, scraping down side of bowl as needed. Divide batter evenly among prepared cake pans. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted into centers comes out clean.
Cool on wire rack 10 minutes. Loosen sides of cake with offset spatula. Invert cakes onto wire rack; cool completely.
Prepare Cream Cheese Filling: 
Prepare Fluffy White Frosting: 
Assemble Cake: 


1 c. unsweetened cocoa, divided
2 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 3/4 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
1 c. buttermilk
1 c. strong coffee, cold
2/3 c. vegetable oil
2  large eggs
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
3 oz. semisweet chocolate, melted
4 tbsp. butter, melted
1/4 c. confectioners' sugar
1/4 c. sour cream
2 tbsp. strong coffee, cold
1/4 tsp. vanilla extract
1/8 tsp. salt
Prepare Cake: 
In medium bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat buttermilk, coffee, oil, eggs and vanilla until smooth. Gradually beat flour mixture into buttermilk mixture just until blended. Transfer to prepared Bundt pan. Bake 45 to 55 minutes or until toothpick inserted comes out clean.
Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Loosen sides with offset spatula. Invert onto wire rack and remove pan.
Prepare Glaze: 


1 3/4 c. chocolate cookie crumbs
1/3 c. sugar
1/3 c. melted butter
1 tsp. cinnamon
1 c. Skippy All-Natural Peanut Butter Spread
8 oz. whipped cream cheese, softened
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. butter, softened
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. whipped cream, whipped until firm
8 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. heavy cream
1/4 c. chopped peanuts, optional
1/4 c. chopped chocolate cookies, optional
For the crust: 
For the filling:
Place filled pie in the refrigerator for several hours, or overnight, until completely chilled and the filling is firm to the touch.
For the chocolate glaze:


4  large sweet potatoes
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
4 tbsp. maple syrup
kosher salt
1/4 c. light brown sugar
1 1/2 c. pecan pieces
6  large egg whites
Pinch cream of tartar
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Toss sweet potatoes with vegetable oil, maple syrup, and ½ teaspoon salt on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast until tender and caramelized, 20 to 25 minutes; let cool.
Meanwhile, in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, combine brown sugar, pecans, and a pinch of salt. Cook, stirring constantly, until pecans are toasted and sugar melts and coats the nuts. Transfer to a plate to let cool.
Using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat egg whites and cream of tartar until foamy. Gradually add 1 cup sugar in a steady stream and continue beating until still peaks form, about 6 minutes, then beat in vanilla.
In individual serving glasses, layer roasted potatoes, candied pecans, and meringue, ending with meringue and reserving some pecans for sprinkling. Broil or use a kitchen torch to brulée the meringue tops, then serve.


2  large eggs, at room temperature
1/2 c. butter, browned and cooled slightly
1/4 c. white sugar
1 c. dark brown sugar
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. milk
1 tbsp. bourbon
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. pecans, chopped
4 oz. dark chocolate, chopped
1  Basic Pie Crust recipe (link in step 1)
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a large bowl, beat eggs until slightly foamy. Stir in browned butter, white sugar, and brown sugar. Whisk together until fully combined. Stir in flour, milk, bourbon, and vanilla. Add pecans and chocolate chunks and stir until fully combined. Pour mixture into prepared
Bake 10 minutes, then lower oven to 325 degrees F and bake until top no longer jiggles in center, 40 to 50 minutes more. Let cool completely before slicing and serving.


3 c. all-purpose flour
1/4 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
1 c. shortening, cut into chunks
1 tbsp. white vinegar (or apple cider vinegar)
6 tbsp. ice water (or as needed)
2  egg whites
1/2 c. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1/4 c. water
1/2 c. white sugar
1/2 c. packed brown sugar
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/4 tsp. nutmeg
1/4 tsp. allspice
4  Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced
2 c. fresh cranberries
Coarse sugar, for sprinkling (optional)
For the crust
Add vinegar and 4 tablespoons ice water. Toss mixture gently, then add remaining ice water until dough begins to come together. (You may need to add more water 1 tablespoon at a time, until all flour is moistened.)
Separate dough in half and form two evenly sized balls. Wrap each in plastic wrap and press down to slightly flatten each (this will make rolling easier later). Transfer to refrigerator if using within 24 hours; otherwise transfer to freezer.
When ready to use dough, remove from freezer and thaw 15 to 30 minutes before rolling out one ball as the bottom and crust and slicing the other into a lattice.
For the filling: 
In a saucepan over medium heat, melt butter. Stir in flour to form a paste. Add water, sugars,  cinnamon, nutmeg, and allspice and bring to a boil. Reduce temperature and let simmer.
Meanwhile, combine apples and cranberries in a large bowl. Add brown sugar mixture to apples and toss to coat. Arrange apple cranberry mixture in a mound in pie dish and cover with a lattice crust. Brush with remaining egg white and sprinkle with course sugar, if desired.
Bake until apples are soft and crust is deeply golden, about 1 hour.


1  15-oz. can pumpkin puree
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 tsp. nutmeg
1/2 tsp. ginger
1/4 tsp. allspice
1/8 tsp. cardamom
1  14-oz. can sweetened condensed milk
2  large eggs
1  Basic Pie Crust Recipe (link in step 3)
1/2 c. dulce de leche or thick caramel, warmed
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine pumpkin, salt, and spices. Cook until pumpkin is warmed through, then pour into a bowl and let cool a few minutes.
Add sweetened condensed milk and eggs to pumpkin and whisk until smooth. Pour into
Bake 15 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking until knife inserted 1" from crust comes clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool completely before slicing.


chocolate shavings
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. plus 1 tsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
3/4 tsp. baking soda
1/8 tsp. kosher salt
1 1/2 c. granulated sugar
1 c. vegetable oil
2  Eggs, room temperature
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 1/2 tsp. Red gel food coloring
1 tsp. cider vinegar
1 c. buttermilk, shaken well
20 oz. semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
1 c. heavy cream
2 c. half and half
16 oz. mascarpone cheese, room temperature
6 c. heavy cream,c hilled
3/4 c. granulated sugar
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 F.
Make red velvet cake:
In bowl of standing mixer fitted with whisk attachment, add sugar and
oil; whisk over medium speed until combined, about 30 seconds. Add eggs and
vanilla and whisk again over medium speed, scraping down bowl if needed,
until just incorporated. Add food coloring and whisk again until well
incorporated.
In liquid measuring cup or other small bowl, combine vinegar and buttermilk;
stir briefly.
To sugar and egg mixture, alternate adding flour mixture on low speed (a
third at a time) and buttermilk mixture (half at a time) until just combined,
starting and ending with flour mixture.
Distribute batter evenly between both cake pans. Bake for 20 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean, rotating pans half way through.
Allow to cool 10 minutes in the pan, then remove cakes to cooling rack.
Make ganache:
Make the mascarpone whipped cream
Assemble the trifle:
When ganache layer is set, cover with 1 pint of cake pieces. Break up some of the
pieces into crumbs as needed to create solid layer.
With an offset spatula, spread 1 1/2  cups of whipped cream over the cake layer.
Repeat process, allowing each ganache layer to set fully, until you reach top of
your trifle dish. Finish with a whipped cream layer, then garnish as desired.
Cover and refrigerate trifle at least 2 hours, preferably overnight, to allow layers to blend together.


6 tbsp. butter
6 peeled, cored, and chopped apples
3/4 c. brown sugar
1 tbsp. apple pie spice (or 1/2 tbsp. cinnamon and 1/4 tsp. nutmeg)
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
16 oz. cream cheese, softened
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1 1/2 c. heavy cream
2  sleeves graham crackers, crushed, plus more crumbs for garnish
1/2 c. melted butter
3/4 tsp. kosher salt
2 c. caramel sauce
Make apple layer: 
Make cheesecake filling:
Make graham cracker layer:
Assemble trifle: 
Let set at least 2 hours before serving, preferably overnight to let ingredients blend together.
Garnish with graham cracker crumbs and remaining 1/4 cup caramel.


10 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
1/2 tsp. instant espresso powder
2 tbsp. warm water
1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
6  egg whites
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. heavy cream
2 1/2 c. heavy cream
10 oz. chopped white chocolate chips
2 tsp. confectioner's sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1  pinch of kosher salt
8 c. brownies, cut into 1-inch cubes
Make the chocolate mousse
Remove from
heat and stir until smooth. Or, in microwave-safe bowl, heat chocolate on 50%
power until it is mostly melted (the time can vary, check it after a couple minutes).
Remove from microwave and stir until completely smooth.
Whisk vanilla and espresso into chocolate mixture. Allow mixture to cool.
While chocolate is cooling, beat egg whites with salt until stiff.
Whisk egg yolks, 1 at a time, into cooled chocolate mixture until completely
blended.
Whisk 1/4 of egg whites into chocolate. Gently fold remaining egg whites into chocolate until completely blended.
Whip heavy cream to soft peaks and fold gently into chocolate mixture.
Chill mousse thoroughly in the refrigerator, at least 2 hours.
Make White Chocolate Whipped Cream
Whisk white chocolate mixture into remaining 2 1/4 cup heavy cream until completely
smooth.
Chill mixture thoroughly.
When completely cold, add confectioners sugar and salt and beat to soft peaks.
Assemble the trifle
Let set at least 2 hours before serving, preferably overnight to let ingredients
blend together. Garnish as desired.


1 lb. Sugar cookie dough
sugar
1 1/2 c. dulce de leche
Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and lightly grease mini muffin pan. Form 1 tablespoon balls of sugar cookie dough and roll in little sugar to prevent sticking. Fill each muffin hole with 1 tablespoon ball, pressing down and up the sides. Bake tarts until lightly golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Use end of wooden spoon to press down on the center to make room for the filling.
Allow tarts to cool in pan for 5 minutes, then gently transfer to cooling rack to let cool completely.
Fill tartlets with dulce de leche and sprinkle with flaky sea salt.


1 lb. Sugar cookie dough
1 c. mascarpone
1 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. cocoa powder
Chopped espresso beans, for serving
Chocolate shavings, for serving
Preheat oven to 350º and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Divide sugar cookie dough into two halves and roll each half into a circle.
Transfer circles to prepared baking sheets and bake until lightly golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes, then transfer to wire rack to cool completely.
In a bowl, mix together mascarpone and sugar. Spread on cooled “pizzas” and dust with cocoa powder.
Garnish pizzas with chopped espresso beans and chocolate shavings.


1 lb. Sugar cookie dough
vanilla ice cream
Crushed candy canes
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Form 1 pound sugar cookie dough into 1 tablespoon balls and place on parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake until lightly golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on baking sheets, then transfer to wire rack to cool completely.
Once cool, place giant scoop of vanilla ice cream onto one cookie and sandwich with another cookie. Roll in lightly crushed candy canes and freeze until firm.


1 lb. Sugar cookie dough
sugar
melted chocolate
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Roll 1 pound sugar cookie dough into large rectangle and cut into thin strips. Gently twist (so they resemble a cheese straw) and transfer to prepared baking sheets. (To help keep their shape, freeze cookie twists up to 12 hours.)
Sprinkle evenly with sugar. Bake until lightly golden, 12 to 14 minutes.
Serve with melted chocolate for dipping.


1 lb. Sugar cookie dough
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
grenadine
Baileys
amaretto
maraschino cherries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and lightly grease mini muffin pan. Form 1 tablespoon balls from sugar cookie dough and roll in sugar to prevent sticking. Fill each muffin hole with 1 tbsp. ball, pressing down and up the sides. Bake tarts until lightly golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Use end of wooden spoon to press down on the center, making room for filling.
Allow tarts to cool for 5 minutes, then gently transfer to cooling rack to let cool completely.
Melt semisweet chocolate chips and spoon melted chocolate into each tartlet, evenly coating a thin layer on the bottom and sides. Transfer to refrigerator to set, 20 minutes.
Fill tartlets with equal parts grenadine, Baileys, and amaretto and garnish with Maraschino cherry.


1 lb. Sugar cookie dough
1/4 c. brown sugar
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tsp. whole milk
Heat oven to 350 degrees F and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Divide sugar cookie dough in half and roll each halve into large ¼-inch-thick rectangles.
In small bowl, combine brown sugar and ground cinnamon. Sprinkle rectangles with sugar mixture and tightly roll up each into tight log. Slice into ¼-inch-thick slices and transfer to prepared baking sheets. Bake until lightly golden, 12 to 14 minutes.
Let cool on sheets 5 minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.
In small bowl, combine confectioners' sugar with whole milk and drizzle over cooled cookies.


1 container cool whip
1 package chocolate pudding mix
1/2 package Oreo cookies
1/3 c. chopped pecans
Combine Cool Whip and pudding mix in large bowl, beating until all lumps are broken up and batter is fully combined.
Place about 9 to 10 Oreos in a gallon-sized resealable plastic bag and use rolling pin to crush cookies into a fine crumble. Fold Oreo pieces into batter, along with chopped pecans.
Top dip with more crumbled Oreos and pecans. Serve.


2  large eggs, at room temperature
1/2 c. butter, browned and cooled slightly
1/4 c. white sugar
1/2 c. light brown sugar
1/4 c. maple syrup
1 tbsp. flour
1 tbsp. milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. walnuts, coarsely chopped
5  strips bacon, cooked and diced
1  Basic Pie Crust Recipe (link in step 3)
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
In large bowl, beat eggs until slightly foamy. Stir in browned butter, white sugar, brown sugar, and maple syrup; whisk until fully combined. Stir in flour, milk, and vanilla. Add walnuts and bacon and stir until fully coated.
Pour mixture into


3 c. heavy cream
1 14-oz. can sweetened condensed milk
2 c. roughly chopped Birthday Cake Teddy Grahams, plus more for garnish
1/2 c. rainbow sprinkles, plus more for garnish
1/4 c. cream cheese frosting
2 tbsp. birthday cake mix (such as Funfetti)
In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Add sweetened condensed milk and mix until combined. Add Teddy Grahams and sprinkles and mix until combined.
In a small bowl, mix frosting and cake mix until combined. Add to bowl with ice cream mixture and stir well.
Pour mixture into loaf pan, smooth the top, and sprinkle with remaining Teddy Grahams and sprinkles.
Freeze until firm, 5 hours, then scoop and serve immediately.


5 1/2 c. heavy cream
2 8-ounce packages cream cheese, softened
1 1/2 boxes gingersnap cookies
2 tbsp. butter
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
2 tsp. sugar
2  apples, cored and chopped
Caramel, for drizzling
Make cream cheese mixture: In a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat 3 cups heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Beat in cream cheese until fluffy.
In a 9" springform pan, arrange a layer of gingersnaps so the entire bottom is covered. Use a rubber spatula to spread on cream mixture with enough cream to cover. Arrange next layer of wafer cookies on top, making sure to overlap the cookies, not placing them directly on top of the previous layer.
Continue layering until you run out of both.
Transfer to the refrigerator overnight.
When ready to serve, cook apples: In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt butter and add cinnamon and sugar. Add apples, coating in butter, and cook until golden and tender, about 10 minutes. Let cool slightly, then top on cake. Drizzle with caramel and serve.


36  plastic shot glasses
3 oz. box orange Jell-O
5  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
1 c. milk
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1 c. brewed coffee
Black and navy blue food coloring*
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For orange layer
For white layer
For the brown layer: Place about 1/4 cup water in a small bowl and sprinkle 2 envelopes of gelatin over it, allowing it to sit for about one minute. Brew one cup of coffee and then combine hot coffee, gelatin mixture, ¼ cup of sugar and whisk until smooth. Add 1 cup vodka and whisk together. Allow mixture to cool down to room temperature, then top off each shot glass with about 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons brown gelatin mixture. Refrigerate again for at least 3 hours before serving so Jell-O shots are completely set.


24  plastic shot glasses
3 oz. box orange Jell-O
2  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
Navy blue food coloring (optional)
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For orange layer
For blue layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3 1/2 tbsp. grape Jell-O powder
3 1/2 tbsp. lime Jell-O powder
4  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
Black food coloring
1 c. milk
1/4 c. granulated sugar
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For black layer
For white layer
For blue layer: In a medium saucepan, mix together 1 cup water with box of berry blue Jell-O and sprinkle 1 envelope gelatin on top. Allow mixture to sit for 1 minute, then whisk everything together and heat on medium heat until it reaches a simmer. Add 1 cup vodka and whisk together again. Allow mixture to cool down to room temperature, then top off each shot glass with about 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons of the blue Jell-O. Refrigerate again for at least 3 hours before serving so Jell-O shots are completely set.


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
1 c. milk
1/4 c. sugar
2 c. cold vodka, divided
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
Navy blue food coloring (optional)
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For white layer
For blue layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. box orange Jell-O
2  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
3 oz. berry blue Jell-O
Navy blue food coloring (optional)
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
Fo
For blue layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. box lemon Jell-O
2  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
Orange food coloring (optional)
3 oz. box lime Jell-O
Navy food coloring (optional)
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For gold layer:
For green layer:


36  plastic shot glasses
2  3-oz. boxes berry blue Jell-O
3  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 1/2 c. cold vodka, divided
1/2 c. milk
1/8 c. granulated sugar
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For first blue layer
For white layer
For second blue layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
4  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
Blue food coloring
1 c. milk
1/4 c. granulated sugar
3 oz. box cherry Jell-O
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For blue layer
For white layer
For red layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3 1/2 tbsp. grape Jell-O powder
3 1/2 tbsp. lime Jell-O powder
3  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
Black food coloring (optional)
3 oz. box lemon Jell-O
Orange food coloring (optional)
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For black layer
For gold layer
For blue layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. box orange Jell-O
2  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
green food coloring
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For orange layer
For green layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3 oz. box lemon Jell-O
4  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
1 c. milk
1/4 c. sugar
3 oz. box cherry Jell-O
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For yellow layer
For white layer:
For red layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. box grape Jell-O
2  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
3 oz. box lemon Jell-O
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For purple layer
For yellow layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
4  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
1 c. milk
1/4 c. granulated sugar
3 oz. box cherry Jell-O
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For blue layer
For white layer
For red layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
3  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 1/2 c. cold vodka, divided
Blue food coloring
1/2 c. milk
1/8 c. granulated sugar
3 oz. box cherry Jell-O
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
Fo
For white layer
For red layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3 1/2 tbsp. grape Jell-O powder
3 1/2 tbsp. lime Jell-O powder
5  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, separated
3 c. cold vodka, divided
Black food coloring
2 c. Milk, Divided
1/2 c. granulated sugar, divided
Brown food coloring
Yellow food coloring
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For black layer
For white layer
For gold layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
1 c. milk
3  envelopes Knox plain gelatin
1/4 c. granulated sugar
2 c. Cold vodka
3 oz. box lime Jell-O
green food coloring (optional)
Navy blue food coloring (optional)
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For white layer
For green layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3 1/2 tbsp. grape Jell-O powder
3 1/2 tbsp. lime Jell-O powder
5  envelopes plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
Black food coloring
2 c. Milk, Divided
1/2 c. granulated sugar
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For black layer
For white layer
For gray layer: In a medium saucepan, sprinkle 2 envelopes gelatin over 1 cup milk and allow mixture to sit for 1 minute. Add ¼ cup sugar and whisk everything together; heat on medium until it reaches a simmer. Add 1 cup vodka and use a toothpick to add less than a drop of black food coloring and whisk again. Keep adding tiny bits of black food coloring until you achieve a gray color you like. Wait for gelatin mixture to cool down to room temperature before layering, then add about 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons gray mixture to each shot glass. Refrigerate again for at least 3 hours before serving so Jell-O shots are completely set.


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. box lemon Jell-O
2  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
3 1/2 tbsp. grape Jell-O powder
3 1/2 tbsp. lime Jell-O powder
Black food coloring
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For yellow layer
For black layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3 1/2 tbsp. grape Jell-O powder
2  3-oz boxes lime Jell-O
3  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
Black food coloring
1 c. milk
1/4 c. granulated sugar
Navy food coloring
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For black layer
For white layer
For green layer


36  plastic shot glasses
3 c. box lemon Jell-O
4  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
1 c. milk
1/4 c. granulated sugar
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
Before starting, line up shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For yellow layer
For white layer
For blue layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. black cherry Jell-O
3  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
1 c. milk
1/4 c. granulated sugar
Brown food coloring
Yellow food coloring
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For red layer
For tan layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
2  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
Navy blue food coloring (optional
3 oz. box lime Jell-O
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For blue layer
For green layer


24  plastic shot glasses
3 oz. box berry blue Jell-O
4  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
2 1/2 c. cold vodka, divided
Navy blue food coloring
1 1/2 c. Milk, Divided
1/2 c. granulated sugar
Brown food coloring
Yellow food coloring
Before starting, line up shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For blue layer
For white layer
For tan layer


24  plastic shot glasses
2  12-count muffin tins
3 1/2 tbsp. grape Jell-O powder
3 1/2 tbsp. lime Jell-O powder
2  envelopes plain gelatin, divided
2 c. cold vodka, divided
3 oz. cherry Jell-O
Prepare shot glasses by placing each one in an individual muffin tin cavity and leaning them at an angle so they’re tilted at about 45 degrees.
For black layer
For red layer


36  plastic shot glasses
2  3-oz. boxes berry blue Jell-O
3  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
3 oz. box cherry Jell-O
Navy blue food coloring
Before starting, line up shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For light blue layer: In a medium saucepan, mix together 1 cup water with one blue Jell-O box and sprinkle 1 envelope gelatin on top. Allow mixture to sit for 1 minute, then whisk everything together; heat on medium until it reaches a simmer. Add 1 cup vodka and whisk together. Place 1 tablespoon blue Jell-O mixture into each of your plastic shot glasses and place in fridge for about 30 minutes.
For red layer: In a medium saucepan, mix together 1 cup water with box of cherry Jell-O and sprinkle 1 envelope gelatin on top. Allow mixture to sit for 1 minute, then whisk everything together; heat on medium until it reaches a simmer. Allow Jell-O to cool to room temperature then add about 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon red mixture to each shot glass. Refrigerate for another 30 minutes.
For navy blue layer: In a medium saucepan, mix together 1 cup water with one blue Jell-O box and sprinkle 1 envelope gelatin on top. Allow mixture to sit for 1 minute, then whisk everything together; heat on medium until it reaches a simmer. Add 1 cup vodka, a drop or two of navy blue food coloring, and whisk together again. Allow mixture to cool down to room temperature, then top off each shot glass with about 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons of navy blue Jello. Refrigerate again for at least 3 hours before serving so Jell-O shots are completely set.


36  plastic shot glasses
3 oz. box lemon Jell-O
4  envelopes Knox plain gelatin, divided
3 c. cold vodka, divided
1 c. milk
1/4 c. granulated sugar
3 oz. box black cherry Jell-O
Before starting, line up all shot glasses on one or two cookie sheets that will fit nicely in your fridge.
For yellow layer
For white layer
For red layer


1½ oz. vodka
4  pumpkin spice Oreos, plus more for garnish
3  scoops of vanilla ice cream
1/2 c. milk
Salted caramel, for drizzling
Place vodka, pumpkin spice Oreos, vanilla ice cream, and milk in a blender.
Pour mixture into serving glass and drizzle with salted caramel sauce.


1 tube pillsbury crescent rolls
1/2 c. brown sugar
1 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1  Granny Smith apple
2 tbsp. butter, melted
Preheat the oven to 400°F.
As the oven heats, unroll the Crescent Roll dough, separating the dough into all eight triangles.
Mix brown sugar and cinnamon, then sprinkle a heavy layer of the mixture on each triangle of dough.
Slice the apple into eight wedges. Dip each in butter, set the apple wedge on the wide edge of the Crescent Roll dough, and roll it up.
Place each on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and cook in the oven for 10-12 minutes, or until the rolls are lightly golden. Serve warm.


2 tbsp. butter
1 package marshmallows (10 oz.)
6 c. Apple Jacks
1  apple, diced
Melt butter in a large pan over low heat, then add in the marshmallows, stirring until completely melted. Turn off the burner and remove the pan from the heat.
Add in the Apple Jacks and diced apples, stirring until all are coated.
Pour the mixture into a 9-inch by 9-inch pan covered in wax or parchment paper, using a spatula or spoon to press them down evenly. Place in the freezer for 20-25 minutes to set.
Remove the treats from the pan and use a knife to cut into squares.


1 3/4 c. All-purpose or whole wheat flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. salt
1 tsp. ground cinammon
1 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
2  large eggs, at room temperature
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
1 c. pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie filling)
1/3 c. unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/3 c. milk
1/2 c. mini chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two mini-muffin pans with nonstick cooking spray. You will only use half of the 2nd pan for this recipe. I do not recommend using cupcake liners.
In large bowl, whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and pumpkin pie spice together. Set aside. In medium bowl, whisk eggs, brown sugar, pumpkin puree, melted butter, vanilla, and milk together until combined. Pour wet ingredients into dry ingredients, stir a few times, then add mini chocolate chips. Fold everything together gently just until combined.
Fill muffin cups around 3/4—all the way full. Go for about 1 tablespoon of batter per muffin. Bake for 12 to 14 minutes or until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean. Remove pans from oven. Allow muffins to slightly cool before serving.


6  large baking apples, halved vertically and cored
12 tbsp. butter, melted
1/3 c. sugar, plus more for sprinkling
2 tbsp. ground cinnamon
2/3 c. old-fashioned rolled oats
Vanilla ice cream, for serving
Warm caramel, for drizzling
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place each apple half flat side down and use a paring knife to create thin slices all the way across, making sure to stop slicing right before the bottom of the apple (so it stays together as one piece). Transfer apple halves to prepared baking sheet.
Lightly brush apple tops with melted butter and sprinkle with sugar.
Bake until apples are soft and caramelized, 20 to 25 minutes.
Remove from oven. In a small bowl, combine remaining melted butter, sugar, cinnamon, and oats. Once cool enough to handle, spoon mixture inside apple slits.
Return to oven and bake 10 minutes more.
Top each with a scoop of ice cream and serve.


4  large baking apples
8 oz. brie, sliced
3 tbsp. honey
2 tbsp. chopped walnuts
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Halve the apples horizontally. Top the bottom with brie, drizzle with honey, and sprinkle with walnuts.
Transfer to a baking dish and bake until apples are soft and bubbly and cheese is oozy, 35 minutes.


4 tbsp. melted butter
2 tbsp. brown sugar
1 tsp. cinnamon, plus more for dusting
4  baking apples, tops sliced, insides scooped
2  blocks cream cheese, softened
1/2 c. powdered sugar
1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
Crushed graham crackers, for garnish
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl, mix together melted butter, brown sugar, and cinnamon.
Place apples in a baking dish and brush on apples. Bake 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla until creamy. Spoon mixture into stuffed apples and bake 10 minutes more.
Garnish with cinnamon and crushed graham crackers and serve.


4  large baking apples, hollowed
2 c. old-fashioned rolled oats
4 tbsp. butter, softened
1/4 c. brown sugar
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
4  scoops vanilla ice cream
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl, stir together oats, butter, brown sugar, and cinnamon.
Stuff apples with oat mixture and bake until apples are soft and bubbling, 35 minutes.
Top with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and serve.


4  large baking apples, tops sliced off and insides scooped out
2 tbsp. butter
1 tbsp. cinnamon
1  sheet refrigerated pie crust (or homemade)
1  large egg, beaten with 1 tbsp. water
Sugar, for sprinkling
Caramel sauce, for drizzling
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Chop insides of the four apples and add them to a medium saucepan with butter, cinnamon, and 2 tablespoons water. Cook over medium heat, stirring ocassionally, until soft, 15 minutes.
Roll out pie crust into a large rectangle and cut into thin 1/4"-thick strips. Stuff apples with cooked apple mixture and transfer to a glass baking dish. Arrange pie crust strips over apples, crisscrossing to create a lattice crust. Trim edges and brush pie crust with egg wash. Sprinkle with sugar and bake until apples are soft and bubbly and pie crust golden, 35 minutes.
Drizzle with caramel and serve.


3/4 c. milk
1  egg
1 c. flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1/3 c. plus 2 tablespoons sugar
3 1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp. salt
2 c. Vegetable oil, for frying
3  large Granny Smith apples
Make the batter first: 
In a small bowl, combine the remaining 1/3 cup of sugar and 3 teaspoons of cinnamon for dusting the finished apple pie rings. Set aside.
Pour vegetable oil into the skillet until it's about an inch deep. Let it start to heat over medium-high heat.
As the oil heats—turn it down if it ever starts to smoke—peel all three apples and slice them into coins. Use a 1-inch biscuit cutter to turn the coins into "rings."
Using tongs, dip each apple ring into the batter, then gently lower it into the oil. Once the edges of the apple rings are lightly golden, use the tongs to gently flip it over to cook the other side (about 1 minute).
Remove the browned apple rings from the oil, one at a time, placing them on a plate lined with paper towels to drain off any excess grease. Sprinkle both sides with the cinnamon-sugar blend.


3/4 c. milk
1/4 c. butter, softened
3 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1  .25-oz. package instant yeast
1/4 c. sugar
1/2 tsp. salt
1/4 c. water
1  egg
3/4 c. creamy peanut butter
1/2 c. brown sugar
1 tsp. cinnamon
1/2 c. jam, flavor of choice
4 oz. cream cheese, at room temperature
1/2 c. peanut butter
3/4 c. powdered sugar
2 to 4 tbsp. heavy cream
For the rolls: 
In large mixing bowl, combine 2¼ cups flour, yeast, sugar and salt; mix well. Add water, egg and milk mixture; beat well. Add remaining flour, ½ cup at a time, stirring well after each addition. When dough has just pulled together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 5 minutes.
Place dough into a well-oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place for about 2 hours, until doubled in size. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together peanut butter, brown sugar, and cinnamon.
Roll out dough into a 12x9" rectangle and spread with peanut butter mixture, then jam. Roll up dough and pinch seam to seal. Cut into 12 rolls and place cut side up in a greased greased 9x13" dish. Cover and let rise until doubled, about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Bake 30 minutes. (You may need to tent with foil around 20 minutes to keep the rolls from getting too browned.) Let cool about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, make frosting.
For the frosting: 


4  Granny Smith apples, cored and thinly sliced
1 c. white chocolate chips, melted
3/4 c. caramel, warmed in microwave
1 c. chopped pretzels
2  Heath bars, broken into pieces
On a large plate, arrange apple slices on top of one another.
Drizzle half the melted chocolate and caramel.
Top with pretzels and Heath bars.
Drizzle with remaining melted chocolate and caramel.
Serve immediately.


1 c. raspberries
2 tsp. sugar
1/3 c. cream cheese, softened
2 tbsp. Nutella
2  8" flour tortillas
Butter, for greasing tortillas
In a small saucepan over low heat, combine raspberries and 1 tsp. sugar and cook, stirring, until berries break down and become saucy, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat to let cool. (Store raspberry sauce in an airtight container in the fridge up to 5 days.)
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together cream cheese with Nutella.
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat.
Grease outsides of tortillas with butter. On the inside of one tortilla, slather cream cheese-Nutella mixture. Add to skillet cream cheese-side-up and top with remaining tortilla (butter-side-up).
Cook until golden and crispy, 3 minutes, then flip and continue cooking until golden and cream cheese mixture is warmed through, 2 minutes more.
Remove from heat, sprinkle with remaining 1 tsp. sugar, and spoon over raspberry sauce.


1/3 c. cream cheese, softened
1/4 c. crushed Oreos, plus more for garnish
2  8" flour tortillas
Butter, for greasing tortillas
1 tsp. sugar
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat.
In a small bowl, mix together cream cheese with crushed Oreos.
Grease outsides of tortillas with butter. On the inside of one tortilla, slather cream cheese-Oreo mixture. Add to skillet cream cheese-side-up and top with remaining tortilla (butter-side-up).
Cook until golden and crispy, 3 minutes, then flip and continue cooking until golden and cream cheese mixture is warmed through, 2 minutes more.
Remove from heat, sprinkle with sugar, and top with remaining crushed Oreos.


1/3 c. cream cheese, softened
2 tsp. sugar
2  8" flour tortillas
Butter, for greasing tortillas
1  Granny Smith apple, thinly sliced
Caramel sauce, for drizzling
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat.
In a small bowl, mix together cream cheese with 1 tsp. sugar.
Grease outsides of tortillas with butter. On the inside of one tortilla, slather cream cheese mixture. Add to skillet cream cheese-side-up and top with sliced apples. Add remaining tortilla (butter-side-up).
Cook until golden and crispy, 3 minutes, then flip and continue cooking until golden and cream cheese mixture is warmed through, 2 minutes more.
Remove from heat, sprinkle with remaining 1 tsp. sugar, and drizzle with caramel.


1/2 c. unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
3/4 c. granulated sugar
1  large egg, at room temperature
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
1/4 tsp. salt
1 tsp. baking soda
2  medium apples, thinly sliced
8 oz. cream cheese, softened to room temperature
1/4 c. unsalted butter, softened to room temperature
1 1/2 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1/4 c. caramel sauce, plus more for drizzling
1/3 c. chopped walnuts
Make the Crust:
Preheat oven to 350°F (177°C). Generously grease a12-inch pizza pan. Remove chilled cookie dough from refrigerator and press onto pan to form a flat circle. Leave a 2-inch space from the edge. Bake for 18-20 minutes or until edges are very lightly browned. Allow crust to cool completely before decorating.
As you make frosting, soak apple slices in club soda to help prevent browning.
Make frosting:
Decorate with apple slices, caramel sauce, and walnuts. Cut into slices and serve. Leftovers keep well in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.


1  stick butter, softened
3/4 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. mini chocolate chips
1  gallon vanilla ice cream, softened
1  store-bought graham cracker pie crust
Nutella, for drizzling
Make cookie dough: In a stand mixer, beat butter, sugar, and vanilla extract until smooth. Add flour and salt and beat until combined. Stir in chocolate chips. Transfer to the freezer to let firm up, 20 minutes.
Scrape ice cream from container into a large bowl. Crumble up 2/3 of the cookie dough and stir into ice cream.
Scrape ice cream into pie crust and use a spatula to pat down until full. Freeze until firm, 20 minutes more.
Crumble remaining 1/3 cookie dough and top on ice cream pie. Drizzle with Nutella.
Slice and serve.


1  stick butter, softened
3/4 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. mini chocolate chips
1  pint vanilla ice cream, softened
1/2 c. chocolate fudge sauce
6 Dixie Cups and popsicle sticks
Make cookie dough: In a stand mixer, beat butter, sugar, and vanilla extract until smooth. Add flour and salt and beat until combined. Stir in chocolate chips. Transfer to a freezer to firm up, 25 minutes.
Meanwhile, spoon vanilla ice cream into Dixie Cups, filling 1/3 of the bottom. Top with a layer of chocolate fudge sauce and transfer to the freezer until cookie dough is firm.
Pat a layer of cookie dough into Dixie Cup and insert a popsicle stick.
Freeze until firm, at least 1 hour. When ready to eat, peel apart Dixie Cup.


1  stick butter, softened
3/4 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. mini chocolate chips
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips, melted
Make cookie dough: In a stand mixer, beat butter, sugar, and vanilla extract until smooth. Add flour and salt and beat until combined. Stir in chocolate chips.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll dough into balls and freeze until firm, at least 1 hour.
Dip cookie dough balls in chocolate, shaking off excess, and transfer to freezer, 15 minutes.


1  stick butter, salted
3/4 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 1/2 c. flour
1 tsp. kosher salt
1  11-oz. can evaporated milk
1 c. mini chocolate chips
1 c. chocolate, melted
1/2 c. chopped raw walnuts
Make cookie dough: In a stand mixer, beat butter, sugar, and vanilla extract until smooth. Add flour and salt and beat until combined. Add evaporated milk and chocolate chips and stir until combined.
Line an 8-x-8" baking dish with parchment paper so there's an overhang. Add cookie dough and pat into an even layer. Freeze until firm, 1 hour.
Remove cookie dough and pour over melted chocolate, using a spatula to spread it evenly over cookie dough.
Top with walnuts and transfer to the refrigerator until firm, 20 minutes.
Slice into bars and serve.


1  stick butter, softened
3/4 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. flour
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. mini chocolate chips
20  jumbo marshmallows
2  large Hershey's chocolate bars, split into two
Make cookie dough: In a stand mixer, beat butter, sugar, and vanilla extract until smooth. Add flour and salt and beat until combined. Stir in chocolate chips.
Line an 8-x-8" baking dish with parchment paper so there's an overhang. Transfer half the cookie dough to the parchment paper and pat down so it creates a thin even layer. Cover with another piece of parchment with an overhang and repeat with remaining cookie dough. Transfer to the freezer until firm, 2 hours.
Remove pan from freezer and layers of cookie dough. Cut into eight large squares.
Over a flame on the stove or under the broiler of the oven, toast marshmallows.
Sandwich cookie dough, chocolate, and marshmallows.


1  stick (1/2 c.) unsalted butter, softened
3/4 c. firmly packed light brown sugar
1/4 c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1/2 c. creamy peanut butter
1  large egg
3/4 c. quick oats
1 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. cinnamon
1/8 tsp. nutmeg
1/2 tsp. salt
7 oz. jar Marshmallow Fluff
1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, softened
1/3 c.  powdered sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1/8 tsp. salt
In large bowl, cream together butter, brown sugar, and white sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla extract and peanut butter. Beat in egg until well blended.
Combine oats, flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Add into peanut butter mixture and beat until just combined.
Chill cookie dough, covered, at least 2 hours and up to 1 week.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Form rounded tablespoons of dough into balls and arrange about 2 inches apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper.
Bake cookies in batches in middle of oven for 10 to 11 minutes, or until just pale golden. Cool cookies on baking sheet 5 minutes and transfer to racks to cool completely.
While cookies are cooling, prepare marshmallow buttercream filling.
For the filling:
Match cookies in pairs based on size. Spread 1 tablespoon of buttercream onto one cookie and sandwich with other cookie in the pair. Repeat until all cookies are sandwiched.


6  peaches, sliced
1 pt. Strawberries, sliced
1  pineapple, cut into large cubes
8  skewers, soaked in water for 20 minutes
Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling
kosher salt
Honey, for drizzling
Preheat grill to medium-high. Skewer peaches, strawberries, and pineapple. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt.
Grill, turning occasionally, until fruit is tender and slightly charred, 10 to 12 minutes.
Drizzle with honey.


1 1/2 c. heavy cream or half-and-half
2 tbsp. pumpkin puree
2 tbsp. pure maple syrup
1/2 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 to 2  cinnamon sticks
In small saucepan over medium heat, whisk together heavy cream, pumpkin, maple syrup, and pumpkin pie spice. Add cinnamon sticks and increase heat to medium-high. Bring to boil, whisking occasionally, for 1 minute, then remove from heat and let creamer cool in pan 5 minutes before using in your coffee.
Store leftovers in refrigerator for up to 1 week. Shake well before using.


3  sticks unsalted butter, well softened
2 1/2 c. powdered sugar, sifted
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1  heaping cup mini semisweet chocolate chips
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter until smooth. Scrape down  sides of bowl and add sugar, no more than 1 cup at a time, beating first on low and increasing mixer speed to high. Scrape down sides of bowl and continue adding sugar and mixing until frosting is completely smooth. Add vanilla and beat until incorporated and frosting is fluffy and smooth, 1 to 2 minutes more.
Using a spatula, stir in chocolate chips.


1  Stick unsalted butter
1  firmly packed cup brown sugar
1/4 c. heavy cream
pinch of kosher salt
1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 1/2 c. powdered sugar, sifted
In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium-low heat. Add brown sugar and cream and whisk to combine. Cook, whisking occasionally, until mixture is bubbling and smells like caramel, 3 minutes.
Remove from heat and let cool 2 minutes. Add salt and vanilla; whisk briefly.
Transfer mixture to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add powdered sugar and beat until incorporated, starting on low and gradually increasing speed to high. Scrape down sides of bowl and continue adding sugar and mixing until frosting is completely smooth. (For best results, spread frosting onto cupcakes or cake while it's still slightly warm.)


1 1/2 tsp. instant espresso powder
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3  sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature
2 1/2 c. powdered sugar, sifted
In a small bowl, combine espresso powder and vanilla extract and stir with a fork until espresso is dissolved.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat butter until smooth. Scrape down sides of bowl and add sugar, no more than 1 cup at a time, beating first on low and increasing mixer speed to high. Scrape down sides of bowl and continue adding sugar and mixing until frosting is smooth. Add espresso mixture and continue to beat until frosting looks light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes more.


1 pt. fresh raspberries
3 tbsp. whole milk
4  Sticks unsalted butter, softened
3 1/2 c. powdered sugar, sifted
In a blender, puree raspberries and milk until almost smooth.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter until smooth. Scrape down sides of bowl and add 1/2 cup raspberry mixture; beat until incorporated, 1 to 2 minutes. Add powdered sugar no more than 1 cup at a time, beating first on low, then increasing mixer speed to high after each addition. Scrape down sides of bowl and continue adding sugar and mixing until frosting is completely smooth. Once all sugar has been added, continue beating until frosting looks light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes more.


1 c. chopped ripe strawberries
1  8-oz. block cream cheese, softened
2 - 2 1/2 c. powdered sugar
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. heavy cream
2-3  drops pink food coloring
In a blender, puree strawberries until almost smooth, about 1 minute.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add cream cheese and beat until smooth. Add powdered sugar and vanilla, beating first on low, then increasing speed to high, until mixture is mostly smooth. Scrape down sides of bowl.
Add heavy cream and strawberry mixture, and beat until stiff peaks form and frosting thickens, about 4 minutes. Beat in food coloring one drop at a time, if using.


2 c. creamy salted peanut butter, stirred well before using
2 1/2  sticks butter, at room temperature
1 1/4 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. honey
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat butter on high speed until smooth. Add peanut butter and beat, scraping down sides of the bowl as needed, until fully incorporated and smooth.
Add confectioners' sugar and beat, starting mixer on low and working your way up to medium, until frosting is smooth. Add honey and vanilla and beat until mixture is light and fluffy, about 2 minutes.


10 oz. bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped or broken
1/8 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 tsp. vanilla extract
1/8 tsp. instant espresso powder
1/4 c. confectioners' sugar
3  sticks unsalted butter, well-softened
Fill a medium saucepan with 1" water and bring to a low simmer. Place a heatproof bowl over saucepan (be sure the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water) to create a double boiler. Add chocolate and let cook, stirring occasionally with a heatproof rubber spatula to prevent burning, until completely melted and smooth. Remove bowl from pan and immediately stir in salt, vanilla, and espresso powder. Let chocolate cool completely (but don't let it harden).
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add butter and beat on high speed until smooth. Scrape down sides of bowl and, with the mixer on medium speed, slowly add chocolate ½ cup at a time, beating each addition until smooth.
Once all chocolate has been added, turn off mixer and sift in confectioners’ sugar. Beat, starting on low speed and working your way up to medium-high, until frosting is completely smooth and thickened slightly, about 2 minutes. (Frosting is best when used and eaten immediately.)


1 c. cream cheese, at room temperature
1 1/2  sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 1/2 c. confectioners' sugar
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together cream cheese and butter, scraping down sides of the bowl as needed, until completely smooth. Add vanilla and beat to incorporate.
Turn off mixer and sift in confectioners’ sugar 1 cup at a time; beat on low speed to start, then increase speed to medium to incorporate each addition. Scrape down sides of bowl and continue adding sugar and mixing until frosting is completely smooth.


1 3/4 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. baking soda
1/2 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1/4 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 tsp. ground ginger
1/8 tsp. ground nutmeg
2  Sticks unsalted butter, softened
2/3 c. firmly packed light-brown sugar
1/2 c. granulated sugar
2  large eggs, preferably at room temperature
1 1/4 tsp. vanilla extract
1/3 c. milk
1 1/2 c. loosely packed carrots, shredded on the small side of the box grater
Half a carrot, for garnish
Cream Cheese Frosting (recipe link in step 6)
Raw walnut halves, for garnish
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, ginger and nutmeg until combined. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and both sugars on medium-high speed, scraping down sides of the bowl as needed, until mixture is light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs and vanilla and beat on medium speed until incorporated. Add milk and carrots and beat on medium-low speed until combined.
Reduce speed to low and add flour mixture in three batches, beating until each batch  is just incorporated. Continue with remaining flour in two more batches. When finished, stop mixer and stir batter briefly with a rubber spatula to be sure all ingredients are incorporated.
Line two 12-cup cupcake pans with enough liners for 18 cupcakes. Fill each cup 2/3 of the way with batter (for ease, use a 3-tablespoon cookie or ice cream scoop).
Bake, rotating pans after 15 minutes, until a cake tester or wooden skewer inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Remove and transfer to a baking rack. Let cool completely.
To serve, using a citrus zester, create 18 thin strands from remaining half carrot. Top cupcakes with


2  Sticks unsalted butter, softened
1  7-ounce container marshmallow fluff (about 2 cups)
1 1/2-2 c. powdered sugar
pinch of kosher salt
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add butter and beat on medium-high speed until smooth.
Turn off mixer and add marshmallow fluff and powdered sugar 1/2 cup at a time; beat on low speed to start, then increase speed to medium to incorporate. Scrape down sides of bowl and continue adding sugar and mixing until frosting is completely smooth and looks fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes.
Add pinch of salt and beat until combined, 1 minute more.


1/2 c. graham cracker crumbs
2 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
1 tbsp. light brown sugar
1  8 oz. block of cream cheese, room temperature
1 c. powdered sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1  8 oz. package frozen whipped topping, thawed
2 tbsp. strawberry jam
1 tbsp. blueberry jam
Red and blue food coloring gel, optional
3  strawberries, stemmed and diced
1/4 c. blueberries
whipped cream, for garnish
Additional berries, for garnish
In a bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, and brown sugar. Stir to combine. Divide the crumbs evenly between four small glass dessert cups and press down. Set aside while you prepare the cheesecake filling.
In a large bowl or stand mixer, beat the cream cheese until smooth. Add powdered sugar and vanilla and beat until smooth. Add in the thawed frozen whipped topping and beat mixture until creamy and fluffy, scraping the sides as needed to ensure everything is fully incorporated.
Divide the mixture equally between three bowls. Add the strawberry jam to one bowl and the blueberry jam to another. Stir to combine. Add a little tiny bit of red food coloring to the strawberry mixture and a little bit of blue to the blueberry mixture if desired (I did this just to brighten the colors a bit).
Pipe or spoon a quarter of the strawberry cheesecake layer into the bottom of each prepared graham cracker crust. Sprinkle with diced strawberries. Repeat with the vanilla cheesecake layer and sprinkle with blueberries. Finish by piping or spooning the blueberry layer on top.
Refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 2 days. Cover with plastic wrap if you’re leaving them in the fridge for longer than a few hours.
Garnish with whipped cream and additional berries right before serving. Enjoy!


1 1/2 c. graham crackers (about 10 full sheet graham crackers)
6 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
1/3 c. granulated sugar
4 oz. cream cheese, softened to room temp.
4  lg. egg yolks
14 oz. full-fat sweetened condensed milk
1/2 c. Key lime juice
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (177 degrees C). Line a 12-count muffin pan with liners and a second 12-count muffin pan with only 4 (since this recipe makes only around 16). Set pans aside.
 Make the crust: 
Make the filling: 
Pour the filling evenly into each crust. Bake for 15-16 minutes or until the centers of the pies only slightly jiggle (I check this by wiggling the muffin pan—with an oven mitt on-- while it’s still in the oven). Allow the pies to cool at room temperature in the pan set on a wire rack. Once completely cool, place the pan in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 1 day.
Once chilled, serve the key lime pies cold with whipped cream and a lime slice if desired. Store leftover pies in the refrigerator (covered) for up to 1 week. If they last that long!


1  14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1/3 c. cornstarch
1/8 tsp. kosher salt
4 c. whole milk
4  lg. egg yolks
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 c. mini semisweet chocolate chips
1  14.4 oz. box graham crackers
6  lg. bananas
1 1/2 c. heavy cream
1 oz. bittersweet chocolate, for serving
Place the unopened can of condensed milk in a large saucepan, cover with water and bring the water to a boil. Reduce heat, cover pot and simmer for 2 hours (check occasionally to ensure that the can is fully submerged). Remove the can from the water and let it cool at least 30 minutes before opening.
IN a medium saucepan, combine the granulated sugar, cornstarch and salt. Add 1/2 cup milk and stir to form a smooth paste. Whisk in the remaining 3 1/2 cups milk and the egg yolks. Stirring continuously, bring the mixture to a simmer and continue stirring until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla.
Transfer half the mixture (about 2 /12 cups) to a medium bowl. Add the chocolate chips to the pot; stir until melted and smooth.
Line the bottom of a 9 by 13 inch casserole dish with graham crackers, breaking as necessary to fit. Spoon the vanilla pudding on top, spreading to smooth. Slice the bananas about 1/4 inch thick and arrange on top of the pudding. Top with a layer of graham crackers.
OPen the can of condensed milk and spread it on top of the graham crackers, then sandwich with another layer of crackers. Arrange another layer of bananas on top.
Spoon the chocolate pudding over the bananas, gently spreading to smooth. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour or up to overnight, covering after 1 hour.
Just before serving, make the whipped cream. Using an electric mixer beat the heavy cream in a large bowl until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Spread over the chocolate pudding. Use a vegetable peeler to shave chocolate on top of the cream, if desired


30  Oreo cookies, frosting scraped
1  stick melted butter
12  scoops cookies 'n cream ice cream
2  Hershey's Cookies 'n Creme bars, melted
Chocolate sauce, for drizzling
In a food processor fitted with a metal blade, pulse cookies until they resemble fine crumbs, then add melted butter and process until combined.
Transfer Oreo crust to a 9" springform pan and press in crust until firmly packed. Freeze until firm, at least 30 minutes.
When ready to serve, remove springform pan and scoop ice cream over tart. Drizzle with cookies 'n creme bars and chocolate syrup. Slice and serve. (If the ice cream seems too soft to slice, freeze 10 minutes to let it firm up.)


12  graham crackers
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
6 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
1  (14 ounce) can sweetened condensed milk
4  large egg yolks
1/2 c. fresh lime juice (from about 4 limes)
1/2 c. heavy cream
1 c. blueberries
Grated lime zest, for serving
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Line an 8 1/2 X 4 1/2 inch loaf pan with parchment paper, leaving a 3-inch overhang on the two long sides.
In a food processor, pulse the graham crackers and sugar to form fine crumbs (you should have 1 3/4 cups crumbs total). Add the butter and pulse to combine.
Spoon 1 tablespoon each into eight 4-ounce jars, gently pressing them into the bottom. Transfer the jars to a large rimmed baking sheet. Press the remaining graham mixture into the bottom of the prepared loaf pan and transfer the pan to the baking sheet. Bake until the crusts are golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.
In a large bowl, whisk together the milk and egg yolks. Add the lime juice and whisk to combine. Divide the mixture among the cooled jars (3 tablespoons per jar) and bake until just set, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool, then refrigerate until ready to serve (or up to 2 days).
Using en electric mixer, beat the heavy cream in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Roughly break up the remaining graham cracker crust (you will have some left over) and form layers in the jars using the cream, blueberries, lime zest, and broken grahams.


2 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
3/4 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1/4 tsp. baking soda
1/2 c. (1 stick) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/2 c. granulated sugar
1/2 c. packed light brown sugar
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
1  large egg
1 c. buttermilk
6 oz. small blueberries and raspberries
1 pt. Ice cream
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Line 3 large baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter, sugars, and lemon zest in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the egg. In two additions, alternately add the flour mixture and buttermilk, mixing until just incorporated. Gently fold in the berries.
Scoop 32 mounds of batter (about 1 1/2 tablespoons each) onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 2 inches apart. Bake in batches until puffed and the tops spring back when lightly pressed, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
Form sandwiches with the cooled pies and ice cream (about 2 tablespoons per sandwich).


2  lemons
1/3 c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
3  sprigs fresh mint
3/4 c. water
8 oz. mascarpone
8 oz. whole-milk ricotta
1 1/2 c. heavy cream
3  (6 ounce) packages (about 5 cups) raspberries
28  lady fingers
Using a vegetable peeler, remove strips of zest from 1 lemon and transfer to a medium sauce pan. Finely grate the zest from the other lemon and reserve. Squeeze 1/4 cup lemon juice into the saucepan. Add 1/3 cup of sugar, the mint and water. Bring to a boil and simmer for 1 minute. Remove from heat, let cool completely, then discard the lemon zest and mint.
Using an electric mixer, beat the mascarpone, ricotta, reserved zest and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar in a large bowl until smooth. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the heavy cream, mixing to incorporate. Increase the mixer speed to high and beat until stiff peaks form.
Fold in the raspberries, gently mashing them against the sides of the bowl.
Line a deep 9 X 9 inch baking dish with lady fingers, breaking as necessary to fit. Drizzle half the lemon syrup (1/2 cup) over the lady fingers, then top with half the cream mixture (about 4 cups). Repeat with the remaining fingers, syrup and raspberry cream, then refrigerate for 1 hour or up to 1 day (covering after 1 hour).


1 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
1/2 c. (1 stick) cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces
2 tbsp. ice water
3 c. pie weights, dry beans or rice
1  (8 ounce) package cream cheese
1/2 c. sour cream
1 c. very cold heavy cream
1/2 c. store-bought dulce de leche
1 1/2 lb. Strawberries, sliced
Confectioner's sugar, for serving
In a food processor, pulse the flour, salt, and 1 tablespoon sugar to combine. Add the butter and pulse to form fine crumbs. Add the water and pulse until the dough comes together. Refrigerate until chilled, about 20 minutes.
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly coat a 9-inch removable bottom tart pan with cooking spray.
On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into an 11-inch round. Fit into the bottom and up the sides of the tart pan, then cut off and discard any excess. Chill for 15 minutes. Place the tart pan on a baking sheet. Gently line the inside of the crust with non stick foil and fill with pie weights, dry beans or rice. Bake for 20 minutes. Discard the beans or rice and foil and return to the oven until lightly golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes more. Let cool completely.
While the crust is cooling, using and electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the sour cream and beat to combine. With the mixer on low, gradually add the heavy cream, mixing until fully incorporated. Increase the speed and beat until the mixture has thickened and doubled in volume, about 2 minutes.
Spread the dulce de leche evenly over the bottom of the crust. Spoon the cream cheese mixture on top, gently spreading to smooth. Top with strawberries. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate overnight. Dust with confectioner's sugar just before serving, if desired.


1 1/4 c. sugar
3 tbsp. water
3/4 c. heavy cream
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 1/2 tsp. Flaky sea salt
2  sticks unsalted butter, plus more for greasing
10 oz. bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped
1 1/2 c. sugar
1 1/4 c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
3  large eggs, chilled
1 c. all-purpose flour
Make the caramel: in a medium saucepan, cook the sugar with the water over moderate heat, swirling the pan frequently, until a dark amber caramel forms. Slowly drizzle in the cream, then whisk in the butter and sea salt. Transfer the caramel to a small bowl and refrigerate until thickened, about 2 hours.
Make the brownies: preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9-by-13-inch metal baking pan. Melt the 2 sticks of butter in a heatproof medium bowl set over (not in) a saucepan of simmering water. Add the chopped chocolate, the sugar, cocoa powder, vanilla and salt and stir until smooth. Remove the bowl from the heat and whisk in the eggs. Add the flour and stir until just incorporated. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and bake the brownies for about 40 minutes, until a tester inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached. Transfer the pan to a rack and let cool completely.
Invert the brownies onto a cutting board and cut in half to form 2 rectangles. Spread the chilled caramel over 1 rectangle, then top with the other rectangle. Cut into 12 bars and serve immediately.


1 c. chopped unsalted pistachios
2 tbsp. cornstarch
5  lg. egg whites, at room temp.
1/2 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. distilled white vinegar
1 1/2 c. sugar
4 oz. rhubarb, chopped into 1 in. pieces (1 c.)
1/2 tsp. finely grated lemon zest, plus 3 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 c. hulled and quartered strawberries, plus 1/2 c. small strawberries for garnish
1 tsp. vanilla bean paste, or pure vanilla extract
1 1/2 c. heavy cream, chilled
1/2 c. mascarpone cheese, chilled
1/4 c. chopped, unsalted pistachios, for garnish
Make the pavlova: preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a small bowl, toss the pistachios with the cornstarch.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk, beat the egg whites with the salt at high speed until foamy, 2 minutes. Beat in the vinegar, then beat in the sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, and continue beating until the whites are glossy and stiff peaks form, 8 to 10 minutes. Gently fold in the pistachio mixture. Using a large spoon, dollop the meringue onto the prepared sheet and spread into a 10-inch round with a slight indentation in the center. Lower the oven temperature to 225 degrees F and bake the meringue for about 1 1/2 hours, until crisp but still chewy on the inside. Turn the oven off; let the meringue rest in the oven for 1 hour. Transfer to a rack and let cool.
Meanwhile, make the rhubarb cream: in a small saucepan, simmer the rhubarb, sugar, lemon zest and lemon juice over moderate heat, stirring and mashing the rhubarb with the back of a wooden spoon, until the sugar is dissolved and the rhubarb breaks down, about 5 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the quartered strawberries and vanilla bean paste. Let cool completely.
In a large bowl, using a hand mixer, beat the cream with the mascarpone at medium speed until moderately firm, about 3 minutes. Stir 1/4 cup of the whipped cream into the cooled rhubarb, then fold the mixture into the remaining whipped cream. Spoon into the center of the meringue. Garnish with the small strawberries and chopped pistachios and serve.


1 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
1/4 c. confectioners' sugar
1/2 tsp. fine sea salt
2  sticks plus 2 tbsp. cold unsalted butter, cubed
3 tbsp. cold water
1  lg. egg yolk
1/2 c. packed dark brown sugar
1 c. dulce de leche
1  3 1/2 oz dark chocolate bar, finely chopped
3  large bananas, thinly sliced
1 c. heavy cream
In a large bowl, whisk the flour with the confectioners’ sugar and salt. Using a pastry blender or 2 knives, cut in 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons of the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal with some pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Stir in the cold water and egg yolk until the dough just comes together. Scrape the dough out onto a work surface and pat into a disk. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough to a 12-inch round, a scant 1/4 inch thick. Ease the dough into a 9-inch pie plate. Trim the overhang to 1 inch and fold it under itself. Crimp the edge and freeze until firm, about 15 minutes.
Line the crust with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake for about 20 minutes, until the crust is barely set. Remove the parchment and pie weights and bake for 20 to 25 minutes longer, until the crust is lightly browned; prick the bottom of the crust lightly to deflate it if it puffs up. Let cool.
In a medium saucepan, combine the remaining 1 stick of butter with the brown sugar and cook over moderate heat until the sugar is melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the dulce de leche until smooth. Let the filling cool.
Meanwhile, in a microwave-safe medium bowl, microwave the chopped chocolate on high power in 10-second intervals until melted. Spread the chocolate over the cooled crust and freeze until firm, about 10 minutes.
Spread the dulce de leche filling in the crust and top with the sliced bananas. In a large bowl, using a hand mixer, beat the cream until firm. Pile the whipped cream on the pie and refrigerate for at least 3 hours, until the filling is set. Cut into wedges and serve.


1  box chocolate cake mix
1  jar Marshmallow Fluff
1  bag mini semisweet chocolate chips
1  package graham crackers, crumbled
Prepare the cake according to the box's instructions and pour into a 9"x13" pan. Bake for 35-37 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Let the cake cool for 15-20 minutes, then use the back of a wooden spoon (or other utensil) to poke holes all over it.
Microwave Marshmallow Fluff for 30 seconds, then stir and pour it over the top of the cake, filling all of the holes. Let it sit for 20 minutes to give the Fluff time to slowly seep into the cake. Top with another layer of Fluff, then sprinkle with mini chocolate chips and crushed graham cracker pieces.
Refrigerate for at least 2 hours to overnight, giving the cake time to absorb more of the Fluff.


1  box chocolate cake mix
1  jar fudge sauce
2  packages instant vanilla pudding
4 c. whole milk
1  container whipped topping
1  banana, peeled and sliced
1 c. Strawberries, sliced
Bake the cake according to the package's instructions. Let it cool for 20 minutes, then poke holes all over the top of the cake.
Microwave the hot fudge sauce for 30-40 seconds, stir, then pour into all of the holes of the cake.
Whisk the pudding mix and milk, then pour that in every hole of the cake as well. Place it in the fridge for an hour to set.
Cover with a layer of whipped topping (or softened ice cream), then garnish with sliced strawberries and bananas, and an extra drizzle of fudge sauce, because you deserve it.


1  box vanilla cake mix
1  package cherry Jell-O
1  package blue raspberry Jell-O
2 c. boiling water
2 c. cold water
1  container whipped topping
rainbow sprinkles
Prepare the vanilla cake according to the package's instructions, then let it cool for at least 20 minutes before poking the top of the entire cake with the handle of a wooden spoon.
Pour the cherry Jell-O mix into one bowl, and the blue raspberry Jell-O mix into another bowl. Add a cup of boiling water to each bowl and whisk until the Jell-O powder has dissolved. Stir a cup of cold water into each bowl.
Immediately pour both flavors of Jell-O onto the cake, filling alternate holes and areas of the cake to create a spotted or tie-dye effect. Refrigerate for two hours.
Top the cake with a layer of whipped topping and cover with sprinkles.


1  box red velvet cake mix
2  packages cheesecake-flavored instant pudding
6 c. milk
1  tub cream cheese frosting
Bake the cake according to the box's instructions, then let it sit for 20 minutes to cool before poking holes over the top of the cake with the handle of a wooden spoon.
Whisk the milk and pudding mix in a large bowl until combined. Pour half of the mixture into the holes of the poke cake. Place the cake and the bowl of remaining pudding in the fridge to set for the next two hours.
Add the remaining pudding to the top of the red velvet cake, then place it in the freezer for 20 minutes for the pudding to harden. Top with a layer of cream cheese frosting. (The easiest way to frost? Place the frosting in a piping bag fitted with a star tip—or a plastic resealable bag with the corner snipped—and pipe swirls, or rosettes, over the top. That way you're not smearing a knife over the top of the cake, which can get messy.)


1  box spice cake mix
1  can cream soda
1  can sweetened condensed milk, 14 ounces
1  half-gallon vanilla (or cheesecake) ice cream
1  jar caramel sauce (optional)
Preheat the oven to 350° F. Combine the spice cake mix and can of cream soda, then bake for 33-35 minutes.
Let the cake cool for 20 minutes, then use the bottom of a wooden spoon (or other utensil) to poke holes all over the top of the cake. Fill the holes with sweetened condensed milk.
Place the cake in the fridge to set for the next 2 hours.
Slice into individual servings, then scoop ice cream on top of each piece. Drizzle with caramel sauce.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1/2 c. confectioners' sugar
1/2 tsp. fine sea salt
1 1/2  sticks cold unsalted butter, cubed
1  lg. egg yolk
1/4 c. ice water
2 c. blueberries
1/3 c. granulate sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1/4 tsp. fine sea salt
1/4 tsp. ground cinnamon
1  lg. egg beaten with 1 tsp. water
turbinado sugar, for sprinkling
Make the dough: in a large bowl, whisk the flour with the confectioners’ sugar and salt. Cut in the butter using a pastry cutter or 2 knives until the mixture resembles coarse meal with some pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the egg yolk and water until a shaggy dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and knead gently until smooth. Cut the dough in half and shape into 2 disks. Wrap the disks in plastic and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, make the filling: in a medium bowl, toss the blueberries with the granulated sugar, flour, lemon juice, salt and cinnamon.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out 1 disk of dough to a 16-by-9-inch rectangle, about 1/8 inch thick. Using a 4-inch plate as a guide, cut out 8 rounds from the dough. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the filling into the center of a dough round and fold the dough over to form a half-moon. Press the edge to seal, then crimp decoratively. Transfer the hand pie to a parchment paper–lined baking sheet. Repeat with all of the remaining dough and filling; space the pies 1 inch apart. Refrigerate the hand pies until well chilled, about 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Brush the hand pies with the beaten egg and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes, until golden; some of the juices will spill out. Let cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature.


1 1/2 c. graham cracker crumbs (7 oz.)
1  stick unsalted butter, melted
1/4 c. granulated sugar
1/2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
pinch of fine sea salt
7 oz. white chocolate, finely chopped
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla bean paste or 1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/4 tsp. finely grated orange zest
1/4 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
1 c. heavy cream
3 tbsp. strawberry jam mixed with 1 tsp. hot water
Quartered strawberries, for garnish
Make the crust: In a medium bowl, mix the graham cracker crumbs with the butter, sugar, vanilla and salt until evenly moistened. Press the crumbs over the bottom of a 9-inch round springform pan. Freeze until firm, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, make the filling: In a microwave-safe bowl, microwave the white chocolate on high power in 10-second intervals until just melted. Let cool slightly.
In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the cream cheese with the confectioners’ sugar, vanilla bean paste and orange and lemon zests until smooth. Gradually beat in the white chocolate. Scrape the mixture into a large bowl.
Wipe out the bowl of the stand mixer and add the cream to it. Attach the whisk and beat the cream at high speed until firm peaks form. Stir one-third of the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture, then fold in the remaining whipped cream until no streaks remain. Spread the cheesecake filling over the chilled crust in an even layer. Cover with foil and refrigerate for at least 3 hours or overnight.
Unmold the cheesecake. Top with the strawberry jam and garnish with quartered strawberries. Cut the cake into wedges and serve.


1 1/2  sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing
2 3/4 c. all-purpose flour
1 1/4 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
1/2 tsp. fine sea salt
3/4 c. whole milk, at room temp.
3  lg. eggs at room temp.
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. seedless raspberry jam mixed with 1 tsp. hot water
Raspberries, for garnish
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch-square baking pan with foil, allowing 2 inches of overhang on two sides. Butter the foil.
In a large bowl, using a hand mixer at low speed, mix the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt. Add the 1 1/2 sticks of butter, milk, eggs and vanilla and beat at medium speed until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Spread the batter in the pan and bake for about 45 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the cake comes out clean. Let cool on a rack, then cover with foil and let stand at room temperature overnight.
In a large bowl, using a hand mixer,beat the cream with the confectioners’ sugar at high speed until firm, 1 to 2 minutes. Unmold the cake; peel off the foil. Spread the raspberry jam over the cake and top with the whipped cream. Garnish with raspberries and serve


1/3 c. all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled
1/4 tsp. fine salt
2/3 c. + 3 tbsp. sugar
1 3/4 c. whole milk
4  lg. egg yolks
1 3/4 c. heavy cream divided
1/3 c. creamy peanut butter
3 tsp. pure vanilla extract, divided
50  vanilla wafers
4  med. ripe bananas, sliced
3/4 c. chopped roasted and salted peanuts, divided
Whisk together flour, salt, and 2/3 cup sugar in medium saucepan. Whisk in milk, egg yolks, and 1/2 cup cream. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and a pudding like consistency, 7 to 9 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in peanut butter and 2 teaspoons vanilla.
Arrange 25 wafers (slightly overlapping) in the bottom of an 8-by-8-inch baking pan. Top with half of banana slices, 1/4 cup peanuts. Cover and chill 4 hours or up to overnight.
Whisk remaining 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 1/4 cups cream, and 1 teaspoon vanilla on medium high with an electric mixer just until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Spread over top. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup peanuts.


Softened ice cream
3/4 c. Cookies (Oreos, graham crackers, vanilla wafers)
1/4 c. chocolate shell topping
Layer softened ice cream into a lined muffin tin and freeze for 30 minutes.
Crush up 3/4 cup of your favorite cookies, mix with chocolate shell topping, and divvy up over ice cream layer.
Freeze for an hour, then add another layer of ice cream; freeze again for an hour and a half.
Top with chocolate shell and broken-cookie garnish. Give it a final 30 minute freeze, then dig in!


1  pineapple, peeled and cored
1  bottle rum
1  can cream of coconut, 14 ounces
1 tbsp. sugar
1  package flaked coconut
Chop the pineapple into bite-sized pieces, then place in a bowl and cover with rum. Store in the fridge for at least two hours (or you can leave it overnight) to infuse the pineapple with alcohol.
Empty the cream of coconut into a bowl—the top is solid and will look like candle wax, with coconut juice underneath, so don't freak out—and add the sugar. Beat on medium speed for about 2 to 3 minutes, or until the coconut cream has thickened to the consistency of pancake batter. (You could also use only the coconut solids and beat that in the mixer, which would create more of a whipped cream-like dip.)
Place 2 to 3 pieces of pineapple on each toothpick and dip it into the coconut cream, then dip the bottom in flaked coconut. Place the kabobs in the fridge to set for at least 15 to 20 minutes before serving.


¾ c. Extra virgin olive oil
1 tbsp. Extra virgin olive oil
¾ c. sliced almonds
¾ c. granulated sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
4 large eggs
2 tsp. orange zest
¼ c. orange juice
Heat oven to 350 degree F. Coat three 5 1/2- by 3-inch loaf pans with oil; line with parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang on the long sides. In a bowl, toss the almonds with 1 tablespoon oil and 1/3 cup sugar.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Using an electric mixer, beat the eggs and remaining 3/4 cup sugar until light, fluffy, and more than doubled in volume, 4 to 5 minutes. With the mixer on high, gradually add the remaining 3/4 cup oil.
Reduce the mixer to low and beat in the orange zest and juice. Gradually add the flour mixture, beating just until incorporated.
Spread the batter into the prepared pans. Sprinkle the almond-sugar mixture on top and bake until golden brown and a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Let the cakes cool for 15 minutes, then, using the overhangs, transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.


1 c. milk
1 tbsp. milk
1 package dry active yeast
¾ c. sugar
1 tsp. sugar
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 c. bread flour
½ c. black raisins
2 tbsp. candied lemon peel
2 tbsp. candied orange peel
1 tsp. salt
½ tsp. cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
.13 tsp. ground cloves
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 large eggs
1 large egg yolk
.67 c. confectioners' sugar
¼ tsp. vanilla
Make the dough:
Shape the buns:
Bake the buns:


1 c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. mint extract
1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Dutch-processed unsweetened cocoa powder
¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
4 tsp. vegetable, canola, or other flavorless oil
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together butter and sugar on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add vanilla and mint extracts and mix to incorporate.
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt. With the mixer speed on low, add the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and form into a disc. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least one hour.
Preheat oven to 325degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Let dough rest at room temperature for a few minutes so it is soft enough to roll.
Roll cookie dough to 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface and cut dough into 2-inch circles. Transfer cookie dough to prepared baking sheets. Chill cookies on the pans for 20 minutes. Bake cookies for 20 minutes. Cool on the pan for 10 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
Line a baking sheet with parchment or wax paper. Place chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl and heat in the microwave, stirring every 15 seconds, until melted and smooth. Stir oil into the chocolate to thin it out to a dipping consistency.
Dip each cookie in chocolate with a fork, shake off any excess chocolate back into the bowl, and transfer cookies onto the prepared baking sheet. Let set up at room temperature or chill in the refrigerator.


1 c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt

2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
3 tsp. vegetable, canola, or other flavorless oil
2 c. sweetened coconut flakes
1½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. heavy cream
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together butter and sugar on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add vanilla extract and mix to incorporate.
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. With the mixer speed on low, add the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and form into a disc. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least one hour.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.
Roll cookie dough to 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface and cut dough into 2-inch circles. Cut a small circle in the center with another circular cutter or a straw to create a "ring" shape. Transfer cookie dough to prepared baking sheets.
Bake cookies for 15 to 18 minutes, until lightly browned at the edges. Cool on the baking sheets for 10 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
To make the Coconut-Caramel Sauce:
Heat sugar to a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring often so the sugar does not burn. The sugar will form clumps, then melt into a liquid and start to brown. Once all the sugar has dissolved and the liquid is dark amber in color, remove it from the heat. Pour in the cream and whisk constantly until the mixture stops bubbling and becomes smooth again. Whisk in the butter until melted and combined.
Use a small offset spatula or the back of a spoon to spread a thin layer of warm caramel over each cookie. Pour 1 cup of the remaining caramel over the toasted coconut and stir to coat. You want the coconut to be just lightly coated with caramel, not swimming in it. Use your offset spatula or spoon to
spread the coconut mixture over the caramel layer of each cookie and use a toothpick to clear it away from the center hole. Allow the caramel to set up (chilling the cookies speeds this up.)
Line a baking sheet with parchment or wax paper. Heat chocolate chips in the microwave, stirring every 15 seconds, until melted and smooth. Stir in oil to thin out the chocolate. Carefully dip the bottoms of each cookie in the chocolate mixture and place on the prepared baking sheet. Dip a fork in the chocolate and drizzle lines of chocolate over the top of each cookie (you may need to warm up the chocolate again if it has cooled slightly and become too thick to drizzle). Let chocolate set up at room temperature or in the refrigerator before serving.


1 c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. peanut butter
¾ c. confectioners' sugar
2 c. milk chocolate chips
3 tsp. vegetable, canola, or other flavorless oil
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together butter and sugar on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Add vanilla extract and mix to incorporate.
In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. With the mixer speed on low, gradually add the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and form into two discs. Wrap each disc in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least one hour.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.
Roll cookie dough to 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut dough into 2-inch circles using a cookie cutter. Transfer the cookies to the prepared baking sheets. Repeat with the remaining dough, re-rolling and cutting the scraps until all the dough is used.
Bake cookies for 20 to 25 minutes, until lightly browned at the edges. Cool on the pans for 10 minutes, then transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.
In a small mixing bowl, stir together peanut butter and confectioners' sugar to make a thick paste. Scoop heaping teaspoons of the peanut butter mixture and roll into balls. Place one peanut butter ball onto the center of each cooled cookie and flatten with your fingers so the peanut butter is just slightly mounded in the center.
Line a baking sheet with parchment or wax paper. Heat chocolate chips in the microwave, stirring every 15 seconds, until melted and smooth. Stir oil into the melted chocolate. Use a fork to dip each cookie into the chocolate, shaking off any excess back into the bowl, and then transfer cookies to the lined baking sheet. If the chocolate cools down and gets too thick to dip, pop it back in the microwave for a few seconds and stir it again.
Allow the chocolate on the cookies to cool and set up before serving. (You can put the baking sheet in the refrigerator to speed up the process.)


1 c. unsalted butter
1 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. lemon juice
1 tbsp. lemon zest
¼ tsp. salt
3 c. all-purpose flour
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter until creamy. Gradually add 1/2 cup (60 grams) of confectioners' sugar. Beat on medium-high speed until light and fluffy. Mix in the lemon juice, zest, and salt. With the mixer speed on low, add the flour in three additions, mixing until incorporated and scraping down the bowl after each addition.
Scoop the dough by the tablespoon and roll each dough portion into a ball. Gently flatten the dough balls with your fingers and shape into a half-moon. Place each cookie on the prepared baking sheets, at least one inch apart.
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until cookies are lightly browned at the edges. Cool on the baking sheet for 10 minutes, then transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely. Dip the cooled cookies into the remaining 1/2 cup (60 grams) of confectioners' sugar.


1 c. unsalted butter
⅓ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. packed light brown sugar
2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. baking soda
2 tbsp. buttermilk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together butter and both sugars until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes, scraping down the bowl as needed.
Whisk together flour, salt, and baking soda in a medium mixing bowl. With the mixer speed on low, add the flour mixture and beat until just combined. Add the buttermilk and vanilla extract and beat until incorporated.
Turn the dough out onto a work surface, shape into two discs, and wrap each in plastic wrap. Chill the dough in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.
When dough has chilled, preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Let dough sit at room temperature for 10 minutes so it is soft enough to roll.
Roll one dough disc to 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Use a cookie cutter to cut dough into 2-inch circles. Repeat with remaining dough. Place circles on the prepared baking sheets, leaving about an inch between cookies. Repeat until all the dough has been used. Chill the cookies on the baking sheets for at least 15 minutes.
Bake cookies for 20 to 25 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through baking, until the edges of the cookies are very lightly browned. Cool on the baking sheets for 10 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.


11 large navel oranges
½ c. sugar
salt
Cut the top quarter off of 6 oranges; set aside. Trim the bottoms so they stand upright. With a small knife and spoon, scrape pulp into a bowl; place the shells in freezer. Into 4 cup measuring cup, squeeze juice from pulp.
From 5 more oranges, grate 1 tablespoon peel and squeeze enough juice to make 3 cups in all. Stir in sugar and a pinch of salt to dissolve; pour into a square metal baking pan.
Freeze for 5 hours, scraping frozen bits with a fork every hour. To serve, scoop into frozen shells and replace tops.


1 tbsp. unflavored gelatin
2 large eggs
10 large egg yolks
¾ c. sugar
2 c. heavy cream
1  vanilla bean
2 c. puréed ripe bananas
1 tbsp. lemon juice
1 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. bourbon or moonshine
3  ripe bananas
2 tbsp. plain yogurt
1 tbsp. lemon juice
30 to 40  vanilla wafers
For Custard:
In medium bowl, whisk eggs, yolks, and half of sugar; set aside. In 3-quart saucepan, stir together heavy cream, vanilla, remaining sugar, and pinch of salt. Cook on medium 5 to 7 minutes or until mixture begins to simmer, stirring frequently.
Slowly whisk one-third of hot cream mixture into egg mixture. Whisk egg mixture into remaining cream mixture  in pot. Cook on low 8 to 10 minutes or until just thick enough to coat back of wooden spoon, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in gelatin, puréed banana, and lemon juice. Transfer custard to glass bowl. Press plastic wrap onto surface of custard. Refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight.
To assemble parfaits, with mixer on medium-high speed, whip cream, sugar, and bourbon until stiff peaks form; set aside. In medium bowl, toss banana slices with yogurt and lemon juice. Spread 1 spoonful of custard on bottom of each of 8 mason jars or parfait glasses. Top with vanilla wafers, then banana slices. Repeat layering of custard, wafers, and banana slices. Divide remaining custard among jars. Add dollop of whipped cream to each. Garnish with broken vanilla wafers, if desired. Refrigerate  at least 1 hour before serving.




1½ c. porter
1 c. unsulfured molasses
1½ tsp. baking soda
¼ c. pure maple syrup
1½ stick unsalted butter
3 c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. fine sea salt
⅓ c. cocoa nibs
½ c. light brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs
1 c. granulated sugar
¼ c. water
¼ c. heavy cream
¼ c. whiskey
Make the Cake
In a medium saucepan, whisk the maple syrup with the remaining 1/2 cup of porter and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until reduced by half and syrupy, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely.
Meanwhile, butter a 10-inch Bundt pan and dust with flour; shake off the excess. In a large bowl, whisk the 3 cups of flour with the baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and cocoa nibs. In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk, beat the 1/2 sticks of butter with the brown and granulated sugars at medium speed until fluffy. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, until just incorporated. At low speed, beat in the cooled porter-molasses mixture, then gradually beat in the dry ingredients.
Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the surface. Bake in the center of the oven for about 50 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Let cool for 15 minutes. Invert the warm cake onto a rack and brush with the cooled porter-syrup mixture.
Make the Sauce
Cut the cake into wedges and serve, passing the warm whiskey caramel at the table.


1 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
¼ tsp. baking soda
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
½ c. sour cream
2½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 stick unsalted butter
4 c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ tsp. kosher salt
4 tbsp. milk
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
Make the Cupcakes
Bake the cupcakes in the center of the oven for about 17 minutes, until springy and a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out clean. Let cool slightly in the pan, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.
Meanwhile, Make the Frosting
Lay a large sheet of plastic wrap on a work surface with the long side facing you. Using a small spatula, spread the vanilla frosting in a 3-inch-wide strip down the center of the plastic wrap. Spread the chocolate frosting in a 3-inch-wide strip alongside the vanilla. Using the plastic, fold the chocolate frosting over the vanilla, twisting one end of the plastic to seal. Pull the twisted end of the plastic through a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip and cut off the protruding plastic at the tip. Refrigerate the frosting until barely firm, about 15 minutes. Pipe onto the cupcakes and serve.


Baking spray
1 lb. blanched almond flour
2 tsp. baking powder
pinch of kosher salt
1 lb. mixed raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries, or pitted fresh cherries
6 large eggs
1 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. rosewater (optional)
confectioners' sugar
Crème fraîche
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly coat a 9-inch springform cake pan with baking spray and line the bottom with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, whisk the almond flour with the baking powder and salt. Set aside one-third of the berries in a small bowl for garnish.
In a large bowl, using a handheld electric mixer, beat the eggs with the granulated sugar and rosewater, if using, at medium-high speed until very thick and glossy, about 12 minutes. Fold in the almond flour and the remaining berries in 3 alternating batches, ending with the almond flour, just until blended. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and smooth the surface.
Bake the cake for about 55 minutes, until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Transfer to a rack and let cool for 10 minutes. Unmold the cake and let cool completely.
Top the cake with the reserved berries and dust with confectioners’ sugar. Serve with crème fraîche.


1½ tsp. active dry yeast
⅔ c. milk
3 c. all-purpose flour
½  vanilla bean
½ c. sugar
5 large egg yolks
1 tsp. kosher salt
½ tsp. cinnamon
⅓ c. apple cider
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
peanut or vegetable oil
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
2½ lb. Granny Smith apples
1 c. apple cider
¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. apple cider vinegar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¾ tsp. cinnamon
½  vanilla bean
¾ c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tbsp. confectioners’ sugar
¼ c. heavy cream
¼ c. apple cider
Maldon salt
Make the Dough
In a small bowl, rub the vanilla seeds into the sugar. Attach the paddle to the stand mixer and beat the yeasted sponge at low speed until smooth. With the mixer on, gradually beat in the vanilla sugar. Beat in the egg yolks, salt and cinnamon, then beat in the apple cider and butter. Gradually beat in the remaining 2 cups of flour, beating until a sticky dough forms, 1 to 2 minutes. Scrape the dough into a greased large bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand until doubled in bulk, about 2 hours. Refrigerate the dough until barely chilled, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, Cook the Apples
Scrape the dough onto a floured work surface and roll out to a 12-by-20-inch rectangle. With one long side facing you, spread half of the apple filling over two-thirds of the dough. Fold the remaining one-third of the dough over the filling, then fold it over again. Gently roll out the dough again to a 12-by-20-inch rectangle. Spread the remaining apples over two-thirds of the dough and fold as before. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and let stand until doubled in bulk, about 45 minutes.
Meanwhile, Make the Glaze
Gently pat the dough into a 1/2-inch-thick rectangle, dusting with flour as needed. Cut the dough into 12 rectangles. Shape the rectangles into 4-inch ovals and transfer to a sheet of lightly floured parchment paper. Let stand for 10 minutes.
In a large saucepan, heat 2 inches of oil to 340 degrees F. Set a rack on a baking sheet. Carefully add 3 or 4 of the ovals to the hot oil and fry, turning occasionally, until puffed and deeply browned, about 8 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the fritters to the rack to drain. Repeat to fry the remaining fritters. Drizzle the glaze on top and sprinkle with salt. Let cool slightly before serving.


2¼ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. sugar
2 tbsp. fresh rosemary
1 tbsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. kosher salt
Zest of 1 lemon
1½ stick unsalted butter
¾ c. heavy cream
In a food processor, pulse the flour with the sugar, the rosemary, baking powder, salt, and lemon zest. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal, with some pea-size pieces of butter still visible. Transfer to a large bowl and stir in the cream until a shaggy dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and gently knead just until it comes together. Gently roll the dough into a 14-inch log, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 1 hour or until firm.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Slice the log into 8 rounds and transfer to the baking sheet. Brush the scones with cream and sprinkle generously with sugar. Bake for 22 to 25 minutes, until the scones are golden. Let cool slightly before serving.


¾ c. unsalted butter
3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 tsp. kosher salt
1½ c. granulated sugar
6 large eggs
1 tsp. almond extract
1½ c. half-and-half
1 c. mini chocolate chips
½ c. chopped shelled pistachios
2 large cannoli shells
3½ c. whole-milk ricotta
2½ tsp. orange zest
2 tsp. lemon zest
¼ tsp. cinnamon
¼ tsp. kosher salt
¾ c. confectioners’ sugar
¾ c. heavy cream
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 8-inch round cake pans with butter, then dust with flour; shake out any excess.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the sugar and butter in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then beat in the almond extract (if using). Reduce the mixer speed to medium and gradually add the flour mixture, alternating with the half-and-half, mixing just until combined; fold in 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips.
Divide the batter between the prepared pans (about 3 1/2 cups each) and bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cakes cool in pans for 5 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack to cool completely.
While the cakes cool, make the frosting. Using an electric mixer, beat the ricotta in a large bowl until smooth. Beat in the zests, cinnamon, and salt. Mix in the confectioners' sugar until smooth. Add the heavy cream and, using the whisk attachment, beat on medium-high speed until thick and stiff, 3 to 4 minutes. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Cut the cakes in half horizontally to create 4 layers. Arrange four 3-inch-wide strips of parchment or wax paper in a square around the edge of a serving plate (this will help keep the plate clean) and place 1 cake layer on the plate. Spread 1 cup frosting on top. Sandwich another layer of cake and repeat with the remaining layers, then frost the top and sides of the cake.
Gently press the pistachios, cannoli shells, and remaining 1/2 cup chocolate chips onto the sides of the cake (use the parchment paper to help pat them on). Refrigerate until ready to serve (up to 2 days).


2½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 package active dry yeast (about 2 1/4 teaspoons total)
½ tsp. kosher salt
¼ c. whole milk
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. packed brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
4 tbsp. unslated butter
1  Golden Delicious apple
Caramel sauce and coarse salt
In a large bowl (or the bowl of an electric mixer), whisk together the flour, sugar, yeast, and salt. Place the milk and butter in a small heavy-bottomed saucepan and cook over low heat until the butter melts, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat.
Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture, then add the eggs and vanilla. With the mixer on low, beat until the flour mixture is moistened. Increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough is smooth, about 6 minutes. Scrape the dough down in the bowl to loosen it, then cover with plastic wrap and a dishtowel. Set the bowl in a warm place and let the dough rise until it doubles in size, about 45 minutes.
While the dough is rising, line a 4 1/2- by 8 1/2-inch loaf pan with parchment paper, leaving a 3-inch overhang on the long sides. Butter the parchment and the sides of the pan. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg. In a microwave-safe bowl, melt the butter.
Punch the dough down, then transfer to a lightly floured work surface and roll into a 12- by 18-inch rectangle. If the dough is sticking, sprinkle the underside with a bit more flour. Arrange the dough so the long side is in front of you. Brush the melted butter over the dough, then sprinkle with the brown sugar mixture.
Core and cut the apple into 1/4-inch pieces. Cut the dough crosswise into 6 even strips. Sprinkle 1 strip with some of the apples, gently pressing them into the dough. Top with another strip of dough and more apples; repeat with the remaining strips of dough and apples. Cut the stack into 6 equal portions. Stand the prepared loaf pan on one of its short sides, and arrange the stacks with cut sides facing out (tucking in any fallen apples). Cover and let rise for 20 minutes.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the loaf until deep golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack and let cool for 10 minutes more. Drizzle with caramel sauce and sprinkle with coarse salt, if desired.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1¾ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. fine salt
14 tbsp.  unsalted butter
1¾ c. sugar
4 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla bean paste or pure vanilla extract
¾ c. buttermilk

Edible flowers
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 standard 12-cup muffin pans.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Beat butter on medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Gradually beat in sugar, until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce mixer speed to low and beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Beat in flour mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture, just until blended after each addition.
Transfer batter to lined cups. Bake, rotating pans once, until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 24 to 26 minutes. Cool in pans on a wire rack, 15 minutes; transfer to the rack to cool completely. Frost with butter-cream and garnish with edible flowers.


¾ c. unsalted butter
16 oz. marshmallows
¾ tsp. Flaky sea salt
12 c. crispy rice cereal
Butter a 13-by-9-inch or two 11-by-7-inch baking pans. Melt butter in a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until browned, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in marshmallows, until smooth. Stir in salt and cereal.
Press into buttered pan. Sprinkle with a few pinches of salt. Cool completely. Cut into bars.


1 c. unsalted butter
2½ c.  all -purpose flour
2 c. sugar
¾ tsp. fine salt
2 tbsp. orange liqueur
1 tbsp. orange zest
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
5 large eggs
½ c. buttermilk
½ c. honey
¼ c. orange liqueur
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. sugar
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour a 10-cup Bundt pan.
Beat butter on medium speed with an electric mixer until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Gradually beat in sugar and salt until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in orange liqueur, orange zest, and vanilla. Reduce mixer speed to low and add eggs, one at a time, beating just until blended after each addition. Add flour alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour, beating just until blended after each addition.
Spoon batter into the prepared pan. Gently tap pan on counter a few times to remove any air bubbles. Bake, rotating pan once, until a long wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, 1 hour to 1 hour and 5 minutes.
During last 10 minutes of baking, prepare Honey Butter Glaze. Spoon two-thirds of warm glaze over cake in pan, allowing glaze to soak in between spoonfuls. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Invert onto cooling rack. Warm remaining glaze and gradually brush outsides of cake. Garnish with orange zest.
For the Honey Butter Glaze: bring the honey, orange liqueur, unsalted butter, and sugar to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, until the sugar is dissolved. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer, stirring constantly, until thickened, 2 minutes.


2¼ c. all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. fine salt
1 c. unsalted butter
2 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk together flour and salt in a bowl. Beat butter on medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Gradually beat in 3/4 cup sugar, until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in vanilla. Gradually add flour mixture, beating just until dough comes together.
Shape dough into 32 (1 1/4-inch round) balls (about 1 tablespoon each). Chill, covered, at least 1 hour or overnight.
Place balls, 1-inch apart, on a baking sheet. Bake, rotating baking sheet once, until golden on the bottom, 18 to  20 minutes.


1 c. sugar
4 large egg whites
1½ c. unsalted butter
2 tsp. vanilla bean paste or pure vanilla extract
Yellow food coloring
Combine sugar and egg whites in a metal bowl. Place bowl over a sauce-pan of simmering water (make sure the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water) and cook, whisking constantly, until sugar is dissolved and mixture registers 160 degrees F on an instant-read thermometer, 4 to 6 minutes.
Whisk on medium speed with an electric mixer until fluffy and cooled, 9 to 11 minutes. Reduce mixer speed to medium-low; add butter, one tablespoon at a time, whisking well after each addition. Whisk in vanilla and, if desired, food coloring.


for baking sheet
1  tube refrigerated sugar-cookie dough
¼ c. all-purpose flour
Spreads and toppings of your choice (see Tips section below for combinations)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line large cookie sheet with foil and spray with nonstick cooking spray.
Take refrigerated sugar-cookie dough and knead all-purpose flour into it until combined. With hands, roll dough into ball, then pat into disk. Place disk in center of cookie sheet. With rolling pin, roll dough into 11-inch round. Bake 20 to 25 minutes. or until edges are golden brown.
While crust bakes, set out spreads and toppings (see below). While "Pizza" is still warm, use pizza cutter or large chef's knife to cut into 8 wedges. Top entire pie with your favorite spread and topping, or treat as a palette, letting your budding artists create a different flavor for each wedge.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. unbleached all-purpose flour
.13 tsp. fine sea salt
1 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. grated lemon zest
⅓ c. fresh lemon juice
3 large eggs
1 large egg yolk
1½ c. buttermilk or whole milk
confectioners' sugar
Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter four 4-inch ramekins.
Whisk together flour, salt, and 3/4 cup granulated sugar in a bowl. Add butter, lemon zest, lemon juice, and four egg yolks and whisk until smooth. Whisk in buttermilk.
Whisk three egg whites on medium-high speed with an electric mixer until frothy. Gradually add remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar and continue to whisk until stiff peaks form.
Gently fold beaten egg whites into lemon mixture. Divide batter among the prepared ramekins. Place the ramekins in a roasting pan. Transfer to the oven and carefully add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins.
Bake until set around the edges but still jiggly in the center, and until tops are lightly browned, 35 to 40 minutes. Transfer the ramekins to a wire rack.


1 c. unsalted butter
12 oz. prunes
8 oz. golden raisins
8 oz. currants
1¼ c. stout
2⅔ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. nutmeg
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
1¼ c. light-brown sugar
2  eggs
Heat oven to 300 degrees F. Brush a 9-by-4 1/2-inch loaf pan with butter. Line pan with parchment; brush with butter. Set aside.
Combine the prunes, raisins, and currants in a medium bowl. Add 1/2 cup stout, and let stand.
Sift flour, baking powder, nutmeg, and cinnamon. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each, scraping down sides twice. Add dry ingredients in two additions; mix just to combine. Fold in fruit mixture.
Pour batter into pan. Bake until dark brown and set and a cake tester inserted into the middle of cake comes out clean, about 3 1/2 hours. (Cracks will appear on top of cake.) Remove from oven; sprinkle with 1/2 cup stout. Let stand on wire rack 30 minutes. Remove from pan; discard parchment; let cool completely.
Wrap in cheesecloth or muslin. Douse fruitcake with remaining 1/4 cup stout. Store in a cool, dark, dry place, dousing with 1/4 cup stout once a week for at least 1 month before serving.


1  lime
1 tbsp. Coarse salt
½ c. low-sodium tomato juice
1 tsp. chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
ice
1 bottle lager beer
Stir together the lime zest and salt in a small saucer.  Cut lime in half and rub cut side over the rim of 2 pint glasses. Dip the rims in the lime salt to coat.
Fill the glasses two thirds full with ice.  Squeeze the halved limes over ice and drop rinds into the glass.  Divide the tomato juice, chipotle peppers, and lager between glasses.  Stir and serve immediately.


⅓ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. heavy whipping cream
¼ tsp. kosher salt
Place the granulated sugar in a 1-quart saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring constantly. Continue to stir while the sugar melts completely. It will clump in the beginning, but all the clumps will melt and it will start to turn a light golden brown. Once it is entirely melted, add the butter and stir until the butter melts. Then stir in the cream. Be careful—the caramel will rise up a bit in the pan. Let the mixture boil for 1 minute, stirring continuously.
Remove the caramel from the heat, and stir in the salt. Pour into a container and refrigerate to help it cool. It should be firm, but still pliable.


½ c. creamy peanut butter
5 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 large egg
Handful of mini marshmallows (optional)
Handful of chopped semisweet chocolate (optional)
Preheat the over to 350 degrees F.
Place the peanut butter, sugar, and egg in a medium-size bowl. Stir until well combined. Drop by heaping tablespoons spaced 2 inches apart onto an ungreased baking sheet.
Press mini marshmallows or chocolate chunks into the surface of the cookies, if desired.
Bake for 10 to 11 minutes, or until the edges are slightly browned. Let cool on the baking sheet for 3 minutes before moving to a cooling rack to cool completely.


⅔ c. vanilla wafters
⅓ c. toasted pecan halves
2 tbsp. powdered sugar
1 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tbsp. honey
2 tbsp. honey whiskey
.13 tsp. vanilla extract
Crush the wafers in a food processor or in a plastic bag, using a rolling pin. Transfer to a small bowl.
Finely chop the pecans, and add most of them to wafers, reserving the remaining nuts in a shallow bowl.
Add all the remaining ingredients, and stir until well blended.
Roll into 1 inch balls, and then roll in the reserved chopped pecans or cocoa powder, for serving.


¾ c. graham cracker crumbs
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 large egg yolks
7 oz. sweetened condensed milk
Zest of 1 lime
⅓ c. bottled Key lime juice
12 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp. neutral oil
To Make the Crust:
In a small bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs, sugar, and melted butter. Stir until evenly moist. Press the crumbs into the pie pan, taking care to pack it tightly and up the sides of the pan. Bake on a sheet pan for 10 minutes, then let cool.
To Make the Lime Curd Filling:
Before serving, dip a sharp knife in hot water, and slice the pie into four mini pieces. Insert a stick in
each crust end, and place back in the freezer.
To Make the Topping:
To dip each pie piece, hold it by the stick end, and place the pie upside down in the chocolate (in other words, dip the creamy part first). Flip it quickly,
and use a spoon to cover the crust in chocolate.


4  graham cracker sheets
2 tsp. granulated sugar
2½ tbsp. unsalted butter
2 c. milk chocolate chips
¼ c. heavy whipping cream
2 to 3 tsp.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place four pint-sized mason jar rings on a small baking sheet. Place the lids with the rubber part facing down.
In a food processor, combine the graham crackers and sugar. Pulse for about 30 seconds, or until finely ground. Stream in the melted butter and continue to pulse. The mixture should appear like wet sand, and it should slightly clump together when squeezed in your hand. If you overmix, it will turn into dough — not good.
Divide the graham cracker crumbs between the mason jar lids. Use a shot glass to pack in the crumbs and push them up the sides of the ring.
Bake for 10 minutes. Let cool completely on a cooling rack.
Now we’re going to melt the chocolate. It can be finicky, so this is the way I do it: Bring 1 cup of water to a boil in a small saucepan. Make sure you have a glass bowl that fits over the pan without touching the water. Place the chocolate chips and cream in the glass bowl, and have it ready next to the stove. Once the water boils, turn off the heat and place the bowl of chocolate and cream over the pan. Stir, stir, stir until the chocolate melts. You may have to turn the heat back on to boil the water again, but I find that if I’m patiently daydreaming while stirring the chocolate, it all melts just fine.
Pour the melted chocolate into the tart shells.
Dot drops of caramel sauce onto the surface of the chocolate, and after a few seconds, run a toothpick or knife through the chocolate to swirl it together.
I recommend refrigerating the tarts for a few hours to set the chocolate. However, before serving, let them come back to room temperature — the chocolate is too hard when cold.
The tarts will keep for up to 3 days refrigerated.


4  graham cracker sheets
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
8 oz. softened
1 small banana
1 large egg
2 large strawberries
2 tbsp. chocolate sauce
whipped cream
Extra Strawberries
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Have ready two 4 1/2-inch mini cheesecake springform pans with removable bottoms.
In a food processor or large plastic bag, crush the graham crackers. Add the melted butter and 2 teaspoons of the sugar and stir to combine.
Divide the crumbs between the prepared pans, pressing them firmly on the bottom and sides of
the pans.
Bake the crusts for 7 minutes. After baking, remove the crusts, crack open the oven door, and lower the temperature to 300 degrees F.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat together the remaining 1/2 cup of sugar with the cream cheese, banana, and egg. Beat very well until homogenous. Pour one-fourth of this mixture into each awaiting crust. Divide the strawberries and sprinkle evenly on top of the cheese mixture. Next, drizzle on the chocolate sauce evenly. Swirl it in with a knife, if desired. Finally,
add the remaining cheesecake batter to the pans, and place them on a small baking sheet.
Bake for 30 minutes, or until set in the middle.
Let cool completely in the pans, and chill overnight for best flavor. To serve, top with whipped cream, extra chocolate sauce, and strawberries.


¾ c. pumpkin purée
1 c. 2-percent milk
½ c. lowfat plain yogurt
¼ c. toasted pecans
2 tbsp. maple syrup
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. ground cloves
Combine all ingredients in a blender. Blend until the nuts are thoroughly processed and the mixture is smooth. Pour into a glass and serve immediately or chill for later.


1  banana
1 c. almond milk
2 tbsp. peanut butter
1  graham cracker rectangle
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth and creamy. Pour into a glass and serve immediately or chill for later.


1 tbsp. brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. freshly ground nutmeg
¼ tsp. ground cardamom
1 medium apple
½ c. old-fashioned oats
1½ c. apple juice
½ tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a small bowl, whisk together brown sugar and spices with a fork. Add apple slices and toss to coat. Spread apples onto prepared baking sheet.
Place oats on a separate small baking sheet. Place both baking sheets in the oven. Remove the oats after 5 minutes. Allow the apples to bake for another 5 minutes (10 minutes total). Cool oats and apples for about ten minutes.
In a blender, pulse the oats until finely ground. Add the roasted apples, apple juice, and vanilla extract to the blender and blend until smooth. Pour into a glass and serve immediately or chill for later.


2 c. fresh spinach
5  fresh mint leaves
1 c. 2-percent milk
6  ice cubes
2 tbsp. cocoa powder
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. peppermint extract
Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth and frothy. Pour into a glass and serve immediately.


⅓ c. cold unsalted butter
1 c. unbleached all-purpose flour
¼ c. packed light brown sugar
½ tsp. fine sea salt
1 tbsp. finely chopped fresh mint
1 c. raw sugar
6 tbsp. unbleached all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. fine sea salt
2 c. sliced strawberries
1 c. raspberries
1 c. blueberries
1 c. blackberries
1  Fuji or Gala apple
To make the topping:
Stir together flour, sugar, salt, and mint with a fork, in a bowl, until completely blended. Add butter and work it in with your hands until it is the size of small peas; chill.
To make the filling:
Pour fruit mixture into prepared pie plate and sprinkle with topping. Bake until fruit is bubbling and the top is golden brown and crispy, 50 to 55 minutes. Serve warm.


1 c. unsalted butter
1¼ c. unbleached all-purpose flour
1 c. whole milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¾ c. cake flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. fine sea salt
1½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light brown sugar
4 large eggs
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
4 oz. semisweet chocolate
¾ c. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. whole milk
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9- by 13- by 2-inch baking pan, then line with parchment, leaving an overhang on the long sides. Butter the parchment, then dust with flour, tapping out excess.
Mix together milk and vanilla in a bowl. Sift together both flours, baking powder, and salt.
Beat butter and both sugars on medium-high speed with an electric mixer, until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Reduce speed to low and add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
Add flour mixture in thirds, alternating with milk mixture and beginning and ending with flour. Fold in the chips.
Transfer batter to the prepared pan and smooth the top. Tap the pan on the counter to remove any air bubbles.
Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes. Use the parchment to remove from the pan and invert onto a wire rack. Peel off the parchment and cool completely.
Invert cake onto a platter and frost with buttercream frosting.
To make the buttercream:
Beat butter on medium speed with an electric mixer, until smooth and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Beat in milk, then chocolate, then vanilla. reduce mixer to low and gradually add sugar. Continue beating until creamy and silky.


2¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and then the vanilla.
Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Using floured cookie cutters, cut out cookies and place them on the prepared sheets. Reroll, chill and cut the scraps.
Bake, rotating the positions of the pans halfway through, until the cookies are lightly golden brown around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool on the sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to wire racks to cool completely.



¼ c. light brown sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 c. confectioners' sugar
4 tbsp. whole milk
For the Cookies: 
Line 4 large baking sheets with parchment paper. In a small bowl, combine light brown sugar, granulated sugar and ground cinnamon. Sprinkle the disks with the sugar mixture. Starting with one of the long ends facing you, tightly roll up 1 disk using the parchment paper to neatly guide the dough (pressing the dough back together if it cracks).
Working quickly, repeat with the remaining disk of dough. Return 1 roll of dough to the refrigerator. Cut the other roll into 1/4-inch-thick slices and place them on the prepared baking sheets, spacing them at least 1 inch apart. Bake, rotating the positions of the pans halfway through, until light golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes.
Let cool on the sheets for 5 minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough, letting it soften just until pliable but still firm before slicing.
For the Icing:


28  Hershey's Kisses
¼ c. sugar
1 tbsp. instant espresso powder
.13 tsp. cream of tartar
2 large egg whites
Heat oven to 200 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Unwrap 28 Hershey's Kisses. In a large metal or glass bowl, whisk together sugar, instant espresso powder and cream of tartar; whisk in egg whites.
Set the bowl over (but not in) a saucepan of simmering water and heat, whisking constantly, until sugar is dissolved and whites are very warm to the touch, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and, using an electric mixer, beat on low speed, gradually increasing to high, until soft peaks form, about 4 minutes.
Spoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a 3/4-inch star tip. Pipe 1/2-inch dots on the prepared baking sheets, spaced 2 inches apart. Top each with a Hershey's Kiss, then pipe a star (about 1 1/2 inch wide) over each Kiss. Bake until meringues are set and not tacky, 60 to 75 minutes. Slide the parchment paper onto wire racks and let meringues cool 10 minutes. Use a spatula to release from paper.


butter
2  Gala apples
2  Golden Delicious apples
1 package frozen blackberries
½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. lemon zest
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp. cornstarch
Lightly butter a 9-inch pie dish.
Peel, core, and thinly slice the apples 1/4-inch thick. In a large bowl, toss together the apples, blackberries, sugar, and lemon zest and juice. Transfer to the prepared pie dish. Cover with


2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
¼ c. granulated sugar
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
¾ c. buttermilk
2 tbsp. buttermilk
2 tbsp. turbinado sugar (such as Sugar in the Raw)
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the butter; rub the mixture between fingers until fine crumbs form.
Using a large fork, gradually add 3/4 cup buttermilk to the flour mixture, stirring until just combined (do not overmix).
Drop large spoonfuls of batter on top of the filling. Brush with the remaining 2 tablespoons buttermilk and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar. Bake until the fruit filling is tender and the top is golden brown, 60 to 75 minutes.


Cooking spray
1 box brownie mix
¼ c. dulce de leche
½ c. mini pretzels
½ c. pecans
¼ c. bittersweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly coat a 9-inch square pan with cooking spray. Line the pan with parchment paper, leaving a 3-inch overhang on 2 sides; spray the parchment. Prepare a box of brownie mix according to the package directions.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Drizzle dulce de leche over the top, then drag a table knife through the batter to marbleize. Sprinkle mini pretzels, pecans and bittersweet chocolate chips over the batter. Bake and cool according to package directions. Serve with extra dulce de leche, if desired.


1 c. bittersweet chocolate chips
½ c. heavy cream
¼ c. unsalted roasted peanuts
1 tsp. flaked sea salt
Line a 12-hole mini muffin pan with foil candy cups. Place bittersweet chocolate chips in a medium bowl. Heat  heavy cream in a small heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-low heat until very hot but not boiling. Remove from heat, pour over the chocolate chips and let sit for 10 minutes.
Stir with a whisk until smooth. Divide the chocolate among the candy cups (about 1 tablespoon per cup) and sprinkle with 1/4 cup unsalted roasted peanuts (chopped) and 1 teaspoon flaked sea salt. Refrigerate until set, 45 minutes to 1 hour.


1  batch
Gel food color
24  Nutter Butter cookies
Finely shredded coconut
sliced almonds
Make 1 batch royal icing as directed and tint using gel food color as desired. Transfer 1/3 of each color to a separate pastry bag fitted with a fine tip. Use a few drops of water to thin the icing remaining in the bowls for flooding; place in separate pastry bags fitted with small round tips. Using the thicker icing, outline the hats, clothes, beards and faces of the elves on 24 Nutter Butter cookies.
Fill the hats and clothes using the thinner flooding icing. Let dry between colors. Use finely shredded coconut for Santa's beard (while icing is wet) and use icing to attach sliced almonds for the elves' ears.


2 c. confectioners' sugar
1 can sweetened condensed milk
4 c. finely shredded unsweetened coconut
Red liquid food coloring
Line a 9-inch square pan with nonstick foil. In a large bowl, combine confectioners' sugar and sweetened condensed milk. Add finely shredded unsweetened coconut and mix to evenly coat. Using red liquid food coloring, dye half the mixture. Press the red mixture into the pan, then top with the white mixture. Cover and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. Cut into 1 1/2-inch squares.


18  mint Oreo cookies
4 oz. cream cheese
35  Hershey's Kisses
6 oz. bittersweet chocolate chpis
4  Twizzlers
2  fruit leathers
Sprinkles
Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. In a food processor, pulse mint Oreo cookies to form fine crumbs. Transfer to a medium bowl and combine with cream cheese (at room temperature). Roll into 35 balls (1 inch each; about 1 1/2 teaspoons) and place on the prepared baking sheets. Press an unwrapped Hershey's Kiss onto each ball, molding the dough to create a smooth seam.
Melt 6 ounces of bittersweet chocolate chips (about 1 cup) according to package directions. Using 2 forks, dip each mouse into the chocolate, letting the excess drip off before returning to the prepared pans. Cut Twizzlers into small triangles and place on the mice to create ears. Cut 1-inch lengths from the fruit leathers for tails, and use sprinkles for the eyes and nose. Chill until chocolate is set, 20 to 30 minutes.


½ c. unsalted butter
1 package marshmallows
½ tsp. green gel food color
½ tsp. peppermint extract
4 c. cornflake cereal
Sprinkles or mini M&M;'s
Line a large baking sheet with nonstick foil. Melt unsalted butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Add marshmallows and green gel food color and cook, stirring, until melted and combined.
Remove from heat; stir in peppermint extract and cornflake cereal. Using wet hands, form 3- to 4-inch disk shapes on the prepared pan, then poke a hole in the middle using a finger. Working quickly, repeat with the remaining mixture. Scatter with sprinkles or mini M&M;'s, then leave in a cool place until set, 2 to 3 hours. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days.




3 c. all-purpose flour
1½ tbsp. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. salt
1½ c. very cold butter
¾ c. cold water
⅓ c. cornstarch
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. ground allspice
3 lb. Golden Delicious apples
½ c. brown sugar
4 tsp. lemon juice
2 tbsp. heavy cream or milk
2 tbsp. coarse sanding or turbinado sugar
In food processor, pulse flour, sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt until combined. Add half of butter; pulse until fine crumbs form. Add remaining butter; pulse just until coarse crumbs form. Add water in 2 batches, pulsing between additions and scraping side of bowl. Pulse just until dough starts to come together. Transfer dough to large bowl; gently knead 2 or 3 times until dough comes together. Divide into 4 equal-size mounds; shape into flat rectangles and wrap each tightly in plastic. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes or up to 2 days.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line 15- by 10-inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Spray lightly with nonstick cooking spray. In large bowl, whisk together cornstarch, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add apples, brown sugar, and lemon juice, tossing until apples are well coated; set aside.
Place 1 piece dough on lightly floured work surface. Lightly flour dough and roll into 12- by 9-inch rectangle, lightly flouring and scraping as needed to prevent sticking. Transfer to prepared baking sheet, placing 9-inch side along longest side of pan. Repeat rolling with another piece of dough. Transfer to other side of prepared baking sheet, overlapping slightly with first piece of dough. Press seam together to seal. Spread apple mixture over dough in even layer.
Repeat rolling process with third piece of dough. Place rectangle on top of one side of apple mixture, arranging 9-inch side along longest side of pan. Repeat rolling process with remaining piece of dough. Place rectangle on top of other side of apple mixture, overlapping slightly with other piece of dough. Press seam together to seal. Pinch edges of dough together to enclose filling. Brush top with cream and sprinkle with sugar. Cut 4 slits in top crust. Bake 1 hour and 10 minutes or until top is deep golden brown. Cool on wire rack before serving. Pie can be made up to 1 day ahead and kept at room temperature, covered.


1 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
5 tbsp. cold butter
3 tbsp.  trans-fat free vegetable shortening
3 tbsp. ice water
In food processor with knife blade attached, blend flour and salt. Add butter and shortening and pulse until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle in ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing after each addition, until large, moist crumbs just begin to form.
With hands, shape dough into disk; wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes or overnight. (If chilled overnight, let dough disk stand 30 minutes at room temperature before rolling.)


All-purpose flour
1  recipe
1 c. packed dark brown sugar
⅔ c. pure maple syrup
3 large eggs
3 tbsp. butter
1 tbsp. bourbon
¼ tsp. salt
1 large egg white
2 c. Pecan halves
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. On lightly floured surface, with floured rolling pin, roll dough into 12-inch round. Ease dough round into 9-inch glass or ceramic pie plate. Gently press dough against bottom and up side of plate without stretching. Trim dough edge, keeping overhang intact. Transfer overhang to work surface. From overhang, with 3/4-inch decorative cookie cutter, cut  40 shapes, rerolling if necessary, for decorating rim of pie later. Refrigerate pie shell 15 minutes. Refrigerate cut shapes until ready to use.
Line pie shell with foil or parchment and fill with pie weights, dried beans, or uncooked rice. Bake 12 to 14 minutes or until beginning to set. Remove foil with weights and bake 13 to 15 minutes longer or until golden.
Meanwhile, in large bowl, with wire whisk, mix sugar, syrup, whole eggs, butter, bourbon, and salt until well blended.
Place hot pie shell in 18- by 12-inch jelly-roll pan. Lightly brush rim of pie shell with egg white. Gently and carefully press cut shapes around rim. Spread pecans evenly in pie shell, then pour sugar mixture over them.
Bake 35 minutes or until filling is golden brown, puffed, and set around edge, but center still jiggles slightly. Cool completely on wire rack.


2 c. gluten-free crispy chocolate cookie crumbs
4 tbsp. butter
2 tbsp. sugar
1 c. sugar
.13 tsp. salt
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
¼ c. cold strong coffee
1 tbsp. instant espresso powder
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 package cream cheese
¼ c. unsweetened cocoa
4 large eggs
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray 9-inch springform pan with nonstick cooking spray. In medium bowl, combine crumbs, butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, and 1/8 teaspoon salt; transfer to prepared pan. Press into even layer that comes up side of pan slightly. Place on rimmed baking sheet. Bake 10 minutes. Cool completely.
Meanwhile, in small microwave-safe bowl, microwave 6 ounces chocolate on high in 30-second intervals or until mostly melted, stirring in between; let cool. In small bowl, stir together coffee, espresso powder, and vanilla. With mixer on medium-high speed, beat cream cheese until smooth. Reduce speed to low. Beat in cocoa and remaining 1 cup sugar, scraping down side of bowl occasionally. Beat in coffee mixture. Increase speed to medium. Add eggs one at a time, beating well between additions, scraping down side of bowl occasionally. Beat in melted chocolate just until well mixed. Pour batter into cooled crust. Bake 50 minutes on rimmed baking sheet.
Turn oven off and prop door open with wooden spoon. Let cheesecake stand in oven 1 hour. With small icing spatula or knife, loosen side of cheesecake from pan. Refrigerate, uncovered, 2 hours or up to 2 days.
When ready to serve, loosen cheesecake once more from side of pan; remove springform ring. In small microwave-safe bowl, microwave remaining 2 ounces chocolate on high 30 second or until just melted, stirring. Drizzle over cheesecake.


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. for kneading and rolling dough
½ tsp. salt
7 tbsp. lard or solid vegetable shortening
¼ c. cold water
If your recipe calls for a prebaked or partially baked crust, preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.
Combine the 1 cup of the flour and the salt in a large bowl with a fork. Put each tablespoon of the lard in a different place on top of the flour mixture. With a pastry blender or two knives, very lightly and quickly cut the lard into the flour mixture to form crumbs about the size of peas.
Sprinkle the cold water over the top of the flour mixture. Stir the mixture work a fork until it just holds together.
Sprinkle a flat work surface with about 1/4 cup of flour. Turn the dough out of the bowl onto the floured surface. With your fingertips, lightly and quickly knead the dough just until it's smooth, about 15 strokes. Gather the dough together with your hands and form it into a ball. Flatten the ball into a thick circle.
I don't chill my pie dough; I just put it directly in the pie plate. Here's why: I learned pie making from my grandmother when I was 10 or 11 (and she was in her mid-70s) and that's the way she did it. It wasn't until much later that I learned that most recipes call for chilling dough.
To roll out the dough, sprinkle the flat work surface with more flour. Place your dough on the floured surface, then turn it over so that both sides are floured. Roll out the dough with your rolling pin from the center to the edge with light, even strokes. Occasionally lift the dough so it doesn't stick to the work surface. The shape should be about 1 inch larger on all sides than the pie plate you are using and it should be 1/8 to 1/4 inch thick.
Fold the dough in half, and lift it into the pie plate. Unfold the dough, and ease it gently into the pie plate, taking care not to stretch the dough. (Stretching the dough will make the pastry shrink as it bakes, and you'll end up with a piecrust the size of a salad plate. Trust me, I speak from experience.) Press the dough onto the rim of the pie plate, and trim any overhanging bits.
If my piecrust tears while I'm putting it in the pie plate, I'll slightly overlap the torn edges and press the tear with my fingertips to make a good seal.
For a prebaked crust,


8 small pears (such as Seckel or Forelle)
5 tbsp. honey
3 tbsp. sugar
1 strip orange zest
1 strip lemon zest
1 tsp. fresh lemon juice
1 stick cinnamon
1  vanilla bean
1 bag fruit tea (tropical green or passion fruit)
2¼ c.  fresh or frozen cranberries
Place pears in saucepan large enough to hold them snugly. Add enough water (about 4 cups) to barely cover. Add honey, sugar, orange and lemon zest, lemon juice, and cinnamon stick.
Using tip of paring knife, scrape vanilla seeds out of pod and add to pan. Toss in pod and add tea bag. Bring to a boil over medium high heat, stirring until sugar has dissolved. Reduce heat and simmer until pears are tender when pierced with tip of knife, about 10 minutes.
Add cranberries and return to simmer until they burst, about 3 minutes. Remove and discard tea bag.
Transfer pears to large bowl and pour cranberries and syrup over them. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 3 days.
Remove and discard citrus zest, cinnamon stick, and vanilla bean. To serve, arrange pears on platter. Spoon cranberries and as much of poaching liquid as desired over pears. Serve.


4  unbaked
5 large eggs
1½ c. salted butter
3 tbsp. salted butter
3 c. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. heavy cream
2 c. light brown sugar
.13 tsp. salt
Trim the piecrusts so that the rims of your pie plates are exposed.
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.
In a small saucepan, melt 1 1/2 cups of the butter.
Whisk the eggs until they are light. Add the granulated sugar, the melted butter, and 1/2 teaspoon of the vanilla, and whisk until well combined. Fold in 1 cup of the cream. Pour 1 1/2 cups of the filling into each piecrust.
Place the pies in the oven, two or four, as room allows, and bake them until the filling is set in the middle, about 35 minutes. Allow the pies to cool in the pie plates. While the pies are cooling, make the icing.
In a large saucepan, combine 1 cup of the cream, the brown sugar, and the salt. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Over medium-high heat, bring the mixture to a soft boil. Cook it for 5 minutes, without stirring, until the mixture thickens a bit, or reaches 238 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove the saucepan from the heat, stir in the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter, and let the mixture cool for 15 minutes. Stir in the remaining teaspoon of vanilla.
Beat the icing until it is thick and creamy. If the icing seems too firm to spread, beat in additional cream, 1 tablespoon at a time.
Run a long, thin spatula around and under one of the pies to slip it out of its pan. Place it on a cake dish or large plate, and spread the top lightly with about 1/2 cup of the icing.
Stack the second pie on top of the first, and spread the top with about 1/2 cup of the icing. Repeat with the third pie. Stack the fourth pie on top. Frost it with the remaining icing.


3 medium lemons
2 c. granulated sugar
1  double
4 large eggs
Slice the lemons very thin, as thinly as you can, leaving the rind on, and remove the seeds. In a medium bowl, combine the lemon slices and the sugar. Let the mixture stand at least 24 hours, stirring it occasionally.
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.
In a small bowl, whisk the eggs until they are light in color, then add them to the lemons, and stir. Pour the filling into the piecrust.
Place the top crust over the filling, and with your fingers or the tines of a fork, crimp the edges of the pie well. With a sharp knife, cut vents in the top crust.
Place the pie in the oven, and bake it until the filling puffs up the crust, about 45 minutes.


1  prebaked
3 large eggs
¾ c. granulated sugar
6 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ c. unbleached all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
.13 tsp. salt
2½ c. whole milk
1 tbsp. salted butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. unsweetened shredded coconut
¼ c. unsweetened shredded coconut
Separate the eggs, placing the yolks in a 2-cup glass measure, and the whites in a large mixing bowl.
In a large saucepan, combine 3/4 cup of the sugar, the flour, and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt.
In a separate pan, scald the milk, and then pour it over the dry ingredients, stirring them constantly until everything is well mixed. Place the large saucepan over medium heat, and cook the milk mixture, stirring it constantly, until it is smooth and thick, about 2 minutes. Remove it from the heat.
Whisk the egg yolks well, then stir about 1/2 cup of the hot milk mixture into them. Stir the yolk mixture back into the saucepan. Return the saucepan to medium heat and, stirring the filling constantly, bring it to a boil, then cook it for 1 minute.
To avoid a runny filling, this additional minute of cooking is important. If it’s not done, amylase, an enzyme in the egg yolk, will react with the starch in the flour and thin out the filling.
Remove the filling from the heat, and stir in the butter and the vanilla, then 1/2 cup of the coconut.
Pour the warm filling into the piecrust, and allow it to cool while you make your meringue.
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.
Using a clean whisk, whisk the egg whites with the remaining 1/8 teaspoon of salt until the mixture is stiff. Gradually beat in the remaining 6 tablespoons of sugar until the mixture is glossy, and the sugar is dissolved. To determine whether the sugar is dissolved, rub a bit of the meringue between your fingers. If it feels gritty, beat it for a minute longer, then test it again.
Spread the meringue evenly over the pie filling, and seal it to the crust. Sprinkle the meringue with the remaining 1/4 cup of coconut.
Place the pie in the oven, and bake it for 20 minutes, or until the meringue is delicately browned.


1  unbaked
3 large eggs
2 c. whole milk
1 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. unbleached all-purpose flour
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. salt
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs until they are light in color. Whisk in the milk.
In a small bowl, combine the sugar, the flour, the cinnamon, and the salt, then whisk the ingredients into the egg mixture. Pour the filling into the piecrust.
Place the pie in the oven, and bake it until the filling is set in the middle, about 40 minutes.


1 package cream cheese
¼ c. pumpkin purée
¼ c. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. fresh orange juice
1 tsp. grated orange zest
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
4 c. confectioners' sugar
Blend the cream cheese, pumpkin purée, butter, orange juice, zest, and vanilla in a large bowl using an electric mixer set at medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar and continue to beat until light and creamy -- about 5 more minutes.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. unsalted butter
½ c. light brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
⅔ c. creamy peanut butter
2 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. whole milk
3 c. confectioners' sugar
⅔ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 c. unsalted butter
6 tbsp. heavy cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3 large egg whites
½ tsp. cream of tartar
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
1  batch
24  candy eyeballs (we used Wilton Candy Eyeballs)
12  Nutterbutter cookies
24  M&M;’s
1  strand red licorice (we used Twizzler)
6  chocolate wafer cookies
Colored sprinkles (chocolate, orange, yellow, and red)
84 piece candy corn
12  flower-shaped gingersnap cookies (we used Anna’s brand)
1  batch
12  orange Airheads candy
12  orange candy slices
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper liners.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and both sugars in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to medium, add the peanut butter, and mix just until incorporated. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then the vanilla.
Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the milk and beating just until incorporated.
Divide the batter between the muffin cups (about 1/4 cup per hole) and bake until a wooden pic inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.
To make the chocolate buttercream: In a large bowl, sift together the confectioners' sugar and cocoa powder.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy, about 2 minutes.
Reduce the mixer to low and gradually add the sugar mixture, alternately with the heavy cream. Mix in the vanilla. Increase the speed to high and beat until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Makes 3 1/4 cups.
To make the royal icing: Using an electric mixer, whisk the egg whites and cream of tartar on medium-high speed in a large bowl until foamy, about 1 minute.
Reduce the speed to low and gradually add the sugar, beating until just incorporated. Increase the speed to high and beat until medium-stiff glossy peaks form, 5 to 7 minutes.
To build your birds: Using the royal icing as glue, stick 2 eyeballs onto each Nutterbutter cookie. Cut the M&M;’s in half and stick one half to each Nutterbutter for the nose.
Cut small L-shaped pieces of red licorice and stick one on each side of the nose for the waddle.
Using a serrated knife, cut the chocolate wafers in half. Working one at a time, cover the flat-sides with royal icing and coat in sprinkles to create wings. Set aside to dry and repeat with the remaining cookies.
Using the icing as glue, stick 7 candy corns halfway around the perimeter of each gingersnap cookie to create the tail. Set aside to dry.
One at a time, frost the cupcakes, keeping them in their wrappers, (about ¼ cup frosting each), then immediately dip in the chocolate, orange, yellow or red sprinkles to coat completely.
Lightly push the Nutterbutter cookie into the front of each cupcake for the head. Press the wings into the cupcake behind the head. Stick the tail (candy corn facing out) into the back of the cupcake.
For the feet cut, Airheads candies into feet and leg shapes and press into the cupcake frosting. Or, if using instead, cut the edges off orange slices to make fan-shapes. Slice out toes and adhere to cupcake wrapper using toothpicks or royal frosting.


6 c. vanilla ice cream
4 slice leftover pie (pecan, pumpkin, apple or any flavor you like)
Scoop ice cream into the bowl of an electric mixer and beat on medium speed with the paddle attachment until it's soft, but still holds its shape, about 1 minute.
Fold in the pieces of pie. Transfer the mixture to a 4 1/2- by 8 1/2-inch loaf pan or 1 1/2-quart freezer-safe container and freeze until set, at least 4 hours. Once set, cover with plastic wrap and freeze for up to 2 weeks.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. sharp Cheddar cheese
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 stick unsalted butter
7 tbsp. ice water
1 c. light brown sugar
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
4 tsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. ground cardamom
½ tsp. salt
1 pinch ground cloves
6  tart apples
1½  lemons
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
3 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
Make the Crust:
Make the Filling:
On a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough out to a 16-inch round. Transfer to a 10-inch glass or ceramic pie plate; do not trim the overhang. Mound the filling in the crust and dot with the butter. Fold the overhanging dough over the filling, leaving the apples in the center exposed. Bake the pie for 15 minutes, then cover with a sheet of aluminum foil and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake for 50 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for 15 to 20 minutes longer, until the filling is bubbling in the center. Transfer the pie to a rack and let cool completely, at least 4 hours.


1 can pumpkin puree
½ c. light brown sugar
¾ tsp. ground ginger
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
¾ c. granulated sugar
1½ c. mascarpone cheese
2½ c. heavy cream
2 c. brewed coffee
2 package dry ladyfingers
Chocolate shavings and candied ginger
In a large bowl, whisk the pumpkin puree with the brown sugar, ginger, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg and 1/2 cup of the granulated sugar. Add the mascarpone and 1 1/2 cups of the heavy cream. Using an electric mixer, beat the pumpkin mixture at medium speed until soft peaks form; do not overbeat.
In a medium bowl, whisk the brewed coffee with 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar until it's dissolved. Dip both sides of 6 ladyfingers in the coffee and arrange them in a single layer in a 4-quart trifle dish. Spread 1 cup of the pumpkin mousse on top. Repeat the layering 5 more times, ending with a layer of the pumpkin mousse. Cover and refrigerate the tiramisu overnight.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the remaining 1 cup of cream with the remaining 2 tablespoons of granulated sugar until soft peaks form. Dollop the whipped cream over the tiramisu, garnish with shaved chocolate and candied ginger and serve.




2 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. light brown sugar
¾ tsp. fine sea salt
1 stick unsalted butter
7 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. light brown sugar
1½ tsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. fine sea salt
4 large eggs
1½ c. cane, sorghum or dark corn syrup, or honey
2 tbsp. bourbon
1½ tbsp. unsalted butter
1½ tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1¾ c. unsalted pecan halves
Make the Piecrust:
Make the Filling:
Pour the filling into the chilled crust and transfer the pie to a foil-lined baking sheet. Cover loosely with foil and bake for 1 hour, until the filling is nearly set. Transfer the pie to a rack and let cool completely, about 4 hours, before serving.


5 lb. medium sweet potatoes
3 c. Rice Krispies
¼ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. kosher salt
.13 tsp. cayenne
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
6½ tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. heavy cream
½ tsp. orange zest
Freshly ground black pepper
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a large rimmed baking sheet with foil. Prick each potato all over with a fork and transfer to the baking sheet. Bake the potatoes until tender, about 1 hour; turn the potatoes over halfway through baking. Let cool slightly.
Meanwhile, lightly coat a large rimmed baking sheet and 2 large spoons with nonstick cooking spray. Lightly coat a large heatproof bowl with nonstick cooking spray and put the Rice Krispies in it. In a small bowl, mix the baking soda with the 1/4 teaspoon of salt and 1/8 teaspoon of cayenne. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar with 1/2 tablespoon of the butter  and 1/4 cup of water and bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Boil over moderately high heat, swirling the pan occasionally, until a golden caramel forms, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the baking soda mixture; the caramel will foam. Immediately drizzle all of the hot caramel over the cereal and, using the 2 greased spoons, quickly toss to coat. Spread the topping on the prepared baking sheet in an even layer and let cool completely, then break into pieces.
Scoop the sweet-potato flesh into a food processor. Add the remaining 6 tablespoons of butter and the cream, orange zest and a generous pinch of cayenne and puree until smooth. Season with salt and black pepper. Transfer the sweet potatoes to a serving bowl and dollop with additional butter. Serve, passing the crispy rice topping at the table.


1 stick unsalted butter
1 box vanilla wafer cookies
½ c. sugar
2  vanilla beans
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 c. heavy cream
1 c. sugar
½ c. light corn syrup
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
4 tsp. molasses
¾ tsp. kosher salt
3 large eggs
2 c. unsalted roasted peanuts
Make the Crust:
Make the Filling:
In a bowl, whisk the sugar, corn syrup, butter, molasses, salt and eggs, then stir in the peanuts. Pour the filling over the chocolate. Transfer the pie to a foil-lined baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F and bake the pie for 50 minutes longer, until the filling is almost set. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely, 4 hours.


3 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. ground ginger
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. kosher salt
¼ tsp. ground cloves
1 c.  plus 6 Tbsp unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs
1 can pure pumpkin
½ c. molasses
3 c. confectioners’ sugar
½ c. sour cream
1 tsp. grated orange zest
Heat oven to 350°F. Line two 12-cup muffin tins with paper liners.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, ginger, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cloves. Using an electric mixer, beat 1 cup butter (2 sticks) and the granulated sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Beat in the pumpkin and the molasses (the mixture will look curdled). Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated.
Divide the batter among the muffin cups (about 1/4 cup each) and bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes in the pan, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
Meanwhile, make the frosting: Using an electric mixer, beat the confectioners' sugar, sour cream and remaining 6 Tbsp butter in a large bowl until smooth. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Stir in the orange zest. Refrigerate the frosting until stiff and spreadable, at least 1 hour. Frost the cupcakes just before serving.


1  batch
80  mini peanut butter cup
.67 c. Sanding sugar
Start with the basic sugar cookie dough. Shape the dough into 2 disks; roll each disk between 2 sheets of wax paper to 1/8 inch thick. Chill until firm, 30 minutes in the refrigerator or 15 minutes in the freezer. Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 4 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper.
Using a 2-inch round cookie cutter, cut out 80 cookies and place them on the prepared baking sheets. Reroll, chill and cut the scraps as needed. Return 3 pans of dough to the refrigerator. Place a mini peanut butter cup (you'll need 80) in the middle of each cookie and roll dough between your palms to cover the candy.
Coat the cookies in sanding sugar (you'll need about 2/3 cup total) and return to the prepared pan, spacing 2 inches apart. Repeat with the remaining dough and candy. Bake, rotating the positions of the pans halfway through, until the cookies are lightly golden brown around the edges, 14 to 16 minutes. Let cool on the sheets for 5 minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.


2 stick unsalted butter
1½ c. confectioner's sugar
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. finely chopped pecans
½ tsp. kosher salt
Preheat the oven to 350˚F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
In the bowl of a standing mixer on medium-high speed, beat the butter with ½ cup of the confectioners’ sugar until light and fluffy. Add the vanilla and beat to combine. With the mixer on low, gradually add the flour, pecans, and salt until the dough comes together.
Scoop out the dough by the tablespoonful and use your hands to roll it into balls. Place the balls 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets.
Bake for 15 minutes, watching closely, until cookies are set but before they begin to turn
brown. Immediately transfer the cookies to a wire rack and let cool for 10 minutes.
Place the remaining powdered sugar in a shallow dish. Roll the warm cookies in sugar to coat, then return them to the rack to cool completely.
Once cool, roll the cookies in confectioners’ sugar once again. Store them in an airtight container.


butter
2 c. fresh or frozen cranberries
1 package frozen raspberries
2  Bartlet pears
1  navel orange
1 tbsp. fresh orange juice
¾ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
Butter a 9-inch pie plate or shallow 1 to 1 1/2-quart baking dish.
In a large bowl, toss together the cranberries, raspberries, pears, orange zest, and juice. Add the sugar and cornstarch and toss to combine. Transfer the mixture to the prepared dish. Cover with desired topping and bake until the fruit is tender and the top is golden brown, 60 to 75 minutes.


butter
½ c. sour cream
4 oz. cream cheese
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
2 lb. Pink Lady or Gala apples
½ c. walnuts
½ c. chocolate chips (one or a combination of semi-sweet and bittersweet)
Lightly butter a 9-inch pie dish.
In a large bowl, combine the sour cream, cream cheese, sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon, and nutmeg and set aside.
Peel, core, and cut the apples into 1/2-inch pieces. Add to the bowl with the cream cheese mixture and mix and toss to coat. Fold in the walnuts and chocolate chips then transfer to the prepared pie dish. Cover with




1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. cold unsalted butter
½ c. old-fashioned rolled oats
¼ c. turbinado sugar (such as Sugar in the Raw)
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, cinnamon, and salt. Add the butter; rub the mixture between fingers until coarse crumbs form.
Toss with the oats and sugar and squeeze the crumble between your hands to form small clumps. Cover and chill for at least 20 minutes or up to 5 days.
When ready to use, spoon over the filling, breaking up any very large pieces and bake until the fruit filling is tender and the top is golden brown, 60 to 75 minutes.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. cold unsalted butter
1 tbsp. white vinegar
1 tbsp. ice-cold water
1  egg
In a food processor, combine the flour, sugar, and salt. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
Add the vinegar and 1 tablespoon of the cold water, pulsing until the dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed (if necessary, add the remaining water, 1 teaspoon at a time). Do not overmix.
Transfer the dough to a piece of plastic wrap and shape into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.
When ready to use, on a lightly floured surface, roll out to 1/8-inch thick and cut out shapes with floured cutters. Arrange on top of the filling, brush with beaten egg, and bake until the fruit filling is tender and the top is golden brown, 60 to 75 minutes.


1 c. regular oats
.13 tsp. ground cinnamon
6 tbsp. melted butter
1 c. grade B maple syrup
2 tbsp. grade B maple syrup
1½ c. pecan halves and pieces
½ c. sweetened flaked coconut
½ package refrigerated piecrusts
½ c. firmly packed brown sugar
2 tsp. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
3 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, stir together oats, cinnamon, 2 tablespoons melted butter, and 2 tablespoons maple syrup until blended. Spread oat mixture on a lightly greased baking sheet. Bake 20 minutes or until oats begin to turn golden; remove from oven and stir in pecans and coconut. Bake 10 to 12 more minutes or until pecans and coconut are lightly toasted. Remove from oven and cool completely on a wire rack (about 15 minutes).
Fit refrigerated piecrust into a 9-inch pieplate according to package directions; fold edges under and crimp as desired.
Whisk together brown sugar and next 2 ingredients until blended. Add eggs, vanilla, remaining 4 tablespoons melted butter, and remaining 1 cup maple syrup, whisking until blended. Spoon pecan mixture into prepared piecrust; carefully pour maple syrup mixture over pecan mixture.
Bake at 350 degrees F on lower oven rack for 35 to 40 minutes or until set. Remove from oven and cool completely on a wire rack (about 1 hour).


4 large Granny Smith apples (about 2 pounds)
4 large Golden Delicious apples (about 2 pounds)
½ c. butter
1 c. brown sugar
l½ c. red pepper jelly (such as Braswell's)
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¾ c. dried Montmorency cherries
1 package refrigerated piecrusts
1 large egg
1½ tbsp. turbinado sugar
2 tbsp. pepitas
Peel apples and cut into 1/2-inch-thick wedges. In a large skillet, melt butter over medium-high heat; add brown sugar and next 2 ingredients and bring to a boil. Add apples and cook, stirring often, 20 minutes or until apples are tender. Stir in dried cherries and cranberries. Remove apple mixture from skillet using a slotted spoon, and let cool. Cook remaining liquid in skillet over medium heat 10 minutes or until thickened to a syrup-like consistency.
Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Unroll piecrusts, and stack on a lightly floured surface. Roll stacked piecrusts into a 15-inch circle, and place on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Mound apple mixture in center of piecrust leaving a 3-inch border around edges. Lift pastry edges, and pull up over apple mixture leaving a 6-inch circle of fruit showing in center; press folds gently to secure. Brush beaten egg over pastry, and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Place the lightly greased sides of a 9-inch springform pan with clasp open around pie; close clasp.
Bake at 425 degrees F on lower oven rack for 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown. Run a knife around edges of tart to loosen. Cool on a wire rack 30 minutes; remove pan sides. Sprinkle top of tart with pepitas. Serve with reserved sauce.


¼ c. butter
1 c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. lemon zest
5 large eggs
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
1 package refrigerated piecrusts
3 tbsp. orange marmalade
¼ tsp. fresh rosemary
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
.13 tsp. salt
½ c. heavy cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ c. sweetened flaked coconut
Shaved coconut
Whisk together butter, 1/2 cup sugar, and lemon zest in a medium microwave-safe bowl until blended. Add 2 eggs, one at a time, whisking until blended. Gradually whisk in lemon juice until blended (mixture will look curdled). Microwave at high 2 minutes, whisking at 1 minute intervals. Microwave, stirring at 30 second intervals, 1 to 2 minutes more or until mixture thickens. Place plastic wrap directly on warm curd (to prevent a film from forming), and chill 4 hours or until firm.
Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Unroll piecrusts; stack on a lightly floured surface. Roll stacked piecrusts into a 13-inch circle. Fit piecrusts into a 10-inch deep-dish tart pan with removable bottom; press into fluted edges, and trim along edges. Line piecrust with parchment paper, and fill with pie weights or dried beans; place pan on baking sheet. Bake 12 minutes. Remove weights and parchment paper, and bake 8 more minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack (about 15 minutes). Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.
Brush marmalade on bottom of piecrust; sprinkle with rosemary. Spoon chilled lemon mixture over marmalade. Whisk together flour, salt, and remaining 1/2 cup sugar in a large bowl. Add cream, vanilla, and remaining 3 eggs and whisk until blended. Stir in coconut; carefully pour over lemon mixture in tart shell.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 45 to 50 minutes or until center is set. Remove from oven and cool completely on a wire rack (about 1 hour). Top with coconut.


2 c. graham cracker crumbs
¾ c. lightly toasted hazelnuts or pecans
½ c. butter
¼ c. firmly packed brown sugar
3 package cream cheese
1½ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. pumpkin pie spice
½ tsp. salt
1 container sour cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
4 large eggs
1½ tbsp. instant coffee
1 c. pumpkin puree
Sweetened whipped cream
cinnamon sticks
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, stir together first 4 ingredients until well blended. Press mixture on bottom and 2 inches up sides of a 9-inch springform pan. Bake 12 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool completely on a wire rack (about 15 minutes). Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.
Beat cream cheese and next 4 ingredients at medium speed with an electric mixer until blended and smooth. Add sour cream and vanilla, beating until just blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating until just blended after each addition. Remove 3/4 cup batter and set aside.
Stir together instant coffee and 1/4 cup hot water until dissolved. Add coffee and pumpkin to remaining batter, beating just until blended. Pour pumpkin batter into prepared crust. Spoon dollops of reserved batter over pumpkin batter and swirl.
Bake at 325 degrees F for 1 hour or until center is almost set. Turn oven off. Let cheesecake stand in oven, with door closed, 30 minutes. Remove from oven, and gently run a knife around outer edge of cheesecake to loosen from sides of pan. (Do not remove sides of pan). Cool completely on a wire rack (about 2 hours). Cover and chill 24 hours.
Remove sides of pan; transfer cheesecake to a serving plate. Serve with desired toppings.


½ c. butter
½ c. firmly packed brown sugar
2 c. finely crushed vanilla wafers
2 c. finely chopped pecans
1 c. butter
1¼ c. firmly packed dark brown sugar
1 c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
2½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. baking soda
1 container sour cream
½ c. buttermilk
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1  semisweet chocolate chips
½ c. heavy cream
½ c. butter
6 c. powdered sugar
1 c. chocolate-covered toffee bars
For the Cake:
Beat butter at medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy. Gradually add sugars, beating well. Add egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating just until blended after each addition.
Stir together flour and next 3 ingredients in a medium bowl; in a separate bowl stir together sour cream and next 2 ingredients. Add flour mixture to butter mixture alternately with sour cream mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Beat at low speed until just blended after each addition, scraping down sides of bowl as needed.
Beat egg whites in a large bowl at high speed with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Gently stir one-third of egg whites into batter; fold in remaining egg whites.
Grease and flour 3 (9-inch) round cake pans; line with parchment paper. Sprinkle 1 cup of pecan mixture in the bottom of each pan. Spoon batter into prepared pans. Drop pans lightly on counter to release large air bubbles.
Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan 10 minutes on wire racks. Remove from pans to wire racks; remove parchment paper. Cool completely (about 1 hour).
For the Frosting:
Beat softened butter at medium speed with an electric mixer until creamy. Gradually add powdered sugar and remaining ¼ cup cream, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating at low speed until blended after each addition. Beat in chocolate mixture until light and fluffy.
Spread frosting between layers and on top and sides of cake. Stir together remaining pecan mixture and finely chopped toffee bars; press on sides of cake.


6 medium sweet potatoes
1¼ c. fresh apple cider
½ c. sorghum
3 tbsp. butter
2 tsp. whole-grain Dijon mustard
2 tsp. apple cider vinegar
½ tsp. kosher salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¾ c. candied or spiced pecans
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Peel potatoes, and cut into 1-inch-thick slices; arrange in a single layer in 2 lightly greased 13- x 9-inch baking dishes.
Stir together cider and next 6 ingredients; pour evenly over potatoes. Cover tightly with aluminum foil.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes or until fork-tender. Uncover and bake 5 more minutes or until glaze becomes syrupy.
Arrange potatoes in a shallow serving dish. Sprinkle with pecans and drizzle with sorghum glaze.


½ package refrigerated piecrusts
1 c. butter
½ c. creamy peanut butter
1¼ c. firmly packed brown sugar
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. roasted unsalted peanuts
3 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
½ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. unsweetened cocoa
3 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
1 jar caramel topping (such as Smucker's)
½ tsp. flaked sea salt
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Fit refrigerated piecrust into a 9-inch glass pieplate according to package directions; fold edges under, and crimp as desired.
Using a fork, stir together 1/4 cup softened butter, 1/4 cup peanut butter, 1/4 cup brown sugar, and 1/2 cup flour in a bowl until crumbly; stir in peanuts. Freeze 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, microwave chocolate and remaining 3/4 cup butter in a microwave-safe bowl at high 1 1/2 to 2 minutes or until melted and smooth, stirring at 30-second intervals. Whisk in granulated sugar, cocoa, and remaining 1 cup brown sugar. Add eggs, one at a time, whisking just until blended after each addition. Whisk in vanilla, salt, and remaining 3/4 cup flour. Pour mixture into prepared piecrust. Crumble peanut butter mixture over top of pie. (The peanut butter mixture will extend above rim of pieplate but will not overflow when baked.)
Bake at 350 degrees F for 50 to 55 minutes or until center of pie is puffed and set. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack 20 minutes.
In a small bowl, stir together caramel topping and remaining 1/4 cup peanut butter; drizzle 4 tablespoons over top of pie. Cool pie completely (about 1 hour). Sprinkle with flaked sea salt. Serve with remaining sauce.


1 c. butter
1¼ c. firmly packed dark brown sugar
1 c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
2 tbsp. unsweetened cocoa
¼ c. hot water
⅔ c. chocolate syrup
2½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. baking soda
1 container sour cream
½ c. buttermilk
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. pumpkin puree
¼ c. heavy cream
2  white chocolate baking bars
1 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 package cream cheese
½ c. butter
1 box powdered sugar
½ c. lightly toasted pecans
½ c. lightly toasted walnuts
Pecan halves
For the Chocolate Brown Sugar Butter Cake:
In a small bowl, stir together unsweetened cocoa and hot water until cocoa is dissolved. Stir in chocolate syrup until blended. Set aside.
Stir together flour and next 3 ingredients in a medium bowl; in a separate bowl stir together sour cream and next 2 ingredients. Add flour mixture to butter mixture alternately with sour cream mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Beat at low speed until just blended after each addition, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Finally, stir in the cocoa mixture.
Beat egg whites in a large bowl at high speed with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Gently stir one-third of egg whites into batter; fold in remaining egg whites.
Grease (with shortening) and flour 3 (9-inch) round cake pans. Spoon batter into prepared pans. Drop pans lightly on counter to release large air bubbles.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 18 to 20 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes; remove from pans and cool completely on racks (about 1 hour).
For the Spiced Pumpkin Frosting:
Beat cream cheese and butter with an electric mixer until creamy. Gradually add powdered sugar, beating at low speed until blended. Add pumpkin mixture, beating just until blended. Stir in chopped pecans and walnuts until blended. Spread frosting between layers and over top and sides of cake. Store cake in refrigerator. Garnish with pecan halves.


2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
¼ c. molasses
½ c. sour cream
2  apples (1 Golden Delicious and 1 Granny Smith)
1 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ c. sour cream
cinnamon
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat an 8-inch square pan with cooking spray. Line with parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang on two sides; spray the paper.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then the molasses and sour cream. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated; fold in the apples.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes in the pan, then, using the overhangs, transfer the cake to a wire rack to cool completely.
Five minutes before serving, make the topping: Using an electric mixer, beat the cream and sugar until soft peaks form. Add the sour cream and beat to stiff peaks. Spread over the cake and dust with cinnamon, if desired.


¾ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. cornmeal
2 tbsp. packed brown sugar
1½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. cinnamon
¼ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. whole milk
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 large Granny Smith apple
canola oil
½ c. granulated sugar
whipped cream
In a large bowl, whisk together flour, cornmeal, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg (if using), and salt.
In a medium bowl or glass measuring cup, whisk together the milk, egg, and vanilla. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix just until combined.
Peel and core the apple. Coarsely grate half the apple and cut the other half into 1/4-inch pieces. Gently fold the apple into the batter.
Fill a large saucepan with 2 inches of oil and heat to 375 degrees F. Set a cooling rack in a rimmed baking sheet. Working in batches, drop small spoonfuls of the batter into the oil and fry until golden brown on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to the rack and let cool for 5 minutes. While warm, toss the fritters in the cinnamon-sugar mixture. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.


4 lb. sweet potatoes
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. dark brown sugar
4 oz. cream cheese
6 tbsp. butter
¾ tsp. kosher salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
2 large eggs
3  egg whites
¼ c. maple syrup
1 jar marshmallow crème
Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Bake sweet potatoes on a foil-lined baking sheet 1 hour or until tender. Let cool to touch and peel. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.
Beat sweet potatoes, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and next 6 ingredients at medium speed with a heavy-duty electric stand mixer until smooth. Beat in whole eggs. Spoon potato mixture into a greased 13- x 9-inch baking dish.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, beat egg whites, remaining 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, and a pinch of salt at high speed with a heavy-duty electric stand mixer until foamy. Gradually add maple syrup, beating until stiff peaks form.
Beat one-third of marshmallow crème into egg white mixture; repeat with remaining marshmallow crème, beating until smooth (about 1 minute). Pipe or spread meringue in a decorative pattern on warm potatoes. Bake 13 to 15 more minutes or until meringue is lightly browned.


16  mini Hershey’s chocolate bars
12 medium pretzels
Roughly chop one variety of mini Hershey’s chocolate bars. Melt, dip half of each pretzel into the chocolate, then transfer to a wax paper–lined rimmed baking sheet; refrigerate until set. Repeat with other varieties of chocolate.


2  refrigerated rolled pie crusts
¾ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
4 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1 c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. light corn syrup
½ c. packed light brown sugar
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1½ c. pecans
½ c. sweetened flaked coconut
8  tart pans with removable bottoms
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Place a tart pan upside down on a piece of paper and draw a circle 1 inch larger than the pan; cut out. Roll each pie crust into a 12 1/2-inch circle. Using the stencil, cut 4 rounds from each crust, chilling and rerolling scraps as necessary.
Fit the rounds into the bottom and up the sides of the tart pans. Cut away any overhanging dough and place the pans on a baking sheet. Using a fork, prick the bottoms of the crusts, and bake until just cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together the flour and baking powder. Cut 6 tablespoons butter into small pieces and place in a microwave-safe bowl. Add the chocolate and microwave on high for 1 minute, then stir. Repeat at 30-second intervals until melted and smooth. Let cool for 5 minutes.
Using an electric mixer, beat the sugar, 2 eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla on high in a large bowl until pale, about 3 minutes. Beat in the chocolate mixture. Reduce speed to medium and add the flour mixture, mixing just to combine. Divide the mixture among the tart shells.
In a medium microwave-safe bowl, melt the remaining tablespoon butter. Whisk in the corn syrup, brown sugar, salt, the remaining 2 eggs, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Stir in the pecans and coconut.
Spoon the mixture over the brownie batter and bake until the brownie is cooked and the pecan filling is just set, 25 to 30 minutes. Let the tarts cool 10 minutes, then remove from the pans and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.


3 tbsp. I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter! spread, divided
1 c. low-fat granola cereal
2  cooking apples, sliced
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
2 tbsp. apple juice or water
2 c. Breyers Natural Vanilla Ice Cream, divided
4  9-ounce small paper cups
4  Wooden pop sticks
Melt 1 Tbsp. of the
Melt the remaining spread in the pan, increasing
the heat to high. Add in the apples, stirring occasionally and searing until
lightly browned (about 5 minutes). Add in the cinnamon and apple juice or water,
and cook until the apples are tender (about 3 minutes). Set aside to cool.
Layer ¼ cup of the


1 c. Country Crock
¾ c. granulated sugar
¾ c. firmly packed light brown sugar
1  large egg
1  large egg yolk
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. flour
1 tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. baking soda
8 oz. chocolate chunks (about 1 ½ cups)
2 c. mini marshmallows
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Combine the
Bake until the center is cooked through, and a
knife inserted in the middle comes out clean (about 50 minutes). The top should
be golden brown and slightly crunchy. Allow the cookie to cool and set for
about 30 minutes.


nonstick cooking spray
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
¾ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. Coarse salt
½ c. unsalted butter
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 c. sugar
3 large eggs
1 c. walnut halves
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Lightly coat a 5-quart slow-cooker insert with cooking spray. Line bottom with parchment paper and lightly coat with spray. In a small bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt.
Place butter and chocolate in a medium microwave-safe bowl and microwave in 30-second increments, stirring after each, until chocolate is melted. Add sugar; stir to combine. Stir in eggs. Add flour mixture, walnuts, and chocolate chips and stir just until moistened (do not overmix). Transfer to slow cooker and smooth top.
Cover and cook on low, 3 1/2 hours. Uncover and cook 30 minutes. Remove insert from slow cooker and run a knife around edge to loosen brownies. Let cool completely in insert on a wire rack, about 2 hours. Turn out onto a work surface and cut into 14 brownies.


2 c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. unsweetened cocoa
1½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. lowfat buttermilk
¾ c. canned pure pumpkin
2 c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs

Prepare cake:
In large bowl, whisk flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. In medium bowl, whisk buttermilk, pumpkin, and vanilla. In large bowl, with mixer on low speed, beat butter and sugar until blended. Increase speed to high; beat 5 minutes or until pale and fluffy, occasionally scraping bowl with rubber spatula. Reduce speed to med.-low;  add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add flour mixture alternately with buttermilk mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture; beat just until batter is smooth, occasionally scraping bowl with rubber spatula.
Divide batter evenly among prepared pans. Bake cakes 30 to 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. With small knife, loosen layers from sides of pans; invert onto wire racks. Carefully remove and discard parchment; cool completely, about 45 minutes. Layers can be wrapped in plastic and stored at room temperature up to 1 day or in freezer up to 1 month. Bring to room temperature before decorating.
Meanwhile, prepare


1 small butternut squash
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. ground ginger
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
4 large eggs
1 c. granulated sugar
⅔ c. brown sugar
¾ c. vegetable oil
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. coarsely grated peeled parsnips
½ c. butter
2 package cream cheese
2 c. confectioners' sugar
1 pinch salt
In glass baking dish, combine butternut squash and 2 tablespoons water; cover with vented plastic wrap. Microwave on high 10 minutes. Let stand, covered, 5 min. Drain well; transfer to food processor. Puree until smooth. Cool completely.
Meanwhile, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9-inch cake pans (or eight 4 1/2-inch pans). Line bottoms with parchment; grease.
In med. bowl, whisk flour, baking powder, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, salt and nutmeg; set aside.
In lg. bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat eggs, sugars, oil, vanilla, and 1 1/2 cups squash puree until well combined. (Reserve remaining puree for another use.) Add flour mixture; mix just until incorporated. With rubber spatula, fold in parsnips. Divide among pans. Bake 35 to 40 minutes (25 to 30 for small pans)nor until toothpick inserted into centers comes out clean. Cool on wire racks 10 minutes. With small knife, loosen layers from sides of pans. Invert onto wire racks. Peel off parchment; cool. Can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated up to 1 day or frozen up to 2 weeks.
Place 1 cake layer onto cake plate. Top with one-third of frosting (recipe below); spread evenly. Add second layer on top. Spread remaining frosting on top of cake. Cake can be covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated up to 3 days.
To make the frosting:
In medium bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat brown butter, confectioners’ sugar, and pinch salt until smooth. Makes 3 1/2 cups.


3⅓ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. cornstarch
1½ tsp. baking powder
1¼ tsp. baking soda
1¼ tsp. salt
1¼ c. unsalted butter
1½ c. packed brown sugar
¾ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
12 oz. mini semisweet chocolate chips
2 oz. chocolate chips or chunks
In large bowl, whisk flour, cornstarch, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
With mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and sugars until creamy and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, beating well in between additions. Beat in vanilla. Add flour mixture. Beat on low until just combined. Add chips and beat until evenly distributed. Transfer dough to gallon-size resealable plastic bag; refrigerate until firm.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Break off golf-ball-size piece of dough; roll into ball (should be about 1 1/2 inches wide) and place in one cup of nonstick popover pan. Repeat for remaining 5 cups. Using rounded end of wooden spoon and fingertips, press dough in the center, then up side of cup to form very thin, even layer of dough. Patch up any tears with bits of extra dough. Repeat with remaining dough balls.
Bake 8 minutes. Using same wooden spoon end, gently press dough down and against sides of pan to deflate. Bake another 2 minutes. Repeat pressing to deflate. Bake another 2 minutes or until edges are golden brown and crisp. Transfer to wire rack. Press to deflate once more.
Using small icing knife, gently loosen sides of cookies from pan. Cool 10 minutes. Loosen sides of cookies again. Place wire rack on top of pan. Holding rack against pan, invert cups onto rack. Cool completely. Repeat process once more with remaining dough and cooled popover pan (you will have dough left over, which you can refrigerate up to 3 days or freeze up to 1 month for another use).
With small pastry brush, paint insides of cookies with thick layer of melted chocolate. Let stand until chocolate is set, about 1 hour. Serve filled with milk, chocolate liqueur, or coffee liqueur. Once filled, serve cookies within 5 minutes. Store unfilled cookies in airtight container at room temperature up to 3 days.


½ c. finely chopped pecans
⅓ c. dried tart cherries
4 tbsp. soft butter
¼ c. brown sugar
¼ tsp. Pepper
1 pinch salt
¾ c. apple juice
Ice cream
Trim bottom 1/4 inch off apples so they sit flat; place in 7- to 8-quart slow-cooker bowl.
In medium bowl, with fingers, combine pecans, cherries, soft butter, brown sugar, allspice, pepper, and salt.
Stuff into centers of
apples.
Pour apple juice around apples. Cover bowl with lid and cook on low 4 hours or until tender. Serve warm, with ice cream.


12 c. all-purpose flour
4 c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 c. cornstarch
4 c. unsalted butter
4 c. granulated sugar
1½ c. canola oil
2 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. kosher salt
8 large eggs
Heat oven to 375°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, whisk together 3 cups flour, 1 cup cocoa powder and ½ cup cornstarch.
Using an electric mixer on medium-high heat, beat together 1 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 Tbsp oil, 2 tsp vanilla and 1 tsp salt until smooth, about 2 minutes. Beat in 2 eggs. Reduce mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated. Transfer dough to a clean bowl, covering loosely with plastic wrap, and repeat 3 more times to make 4 total batches of dough (keep batches separate).
Divide 1 batch of dough into 2 pieces and roll between sheets of parchment to ¼ in. thick. Repeat with the second batch of dough. Divide and roll the third batch of dough to 1/8 in. thick pieces. Refrigerate the rolled dough pieces for 20 minutes, or until firm.
Meanwhile, to make the ground piece that will go under the house, roll the remaining batch of dough into a rough 15-in. oval and place on a prepared baking sheet. Bake until firm, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
From the 1/8-in.-thick dough, using the templates, cut out the door, windows and shutters (save the scraps). From the ¼-in. rolled dough pieces, using the templates, cut out the remaining house pieces, rerolling scraps as needed. Arrange the pieces, in like sizes, on the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 1-in. apart (you will bake the cookies in batches; chill the unbaked dough until ready to bake).
In batches, bake the cookies until firm, 15 to 20 minutes, depending on cookie size. Let cool on the baking sheets, about 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
Reduce oven temperature to 175°F. Arrange the cookies on wire racks about ¼-in. apart. Transfer to the oven along with the ground piece and allow to dry for 1½ to 2 hours, or let stand in the oven overnight with the heat off.
Make 2 batches of royal icing [womansday.com/royalicing] (you will have about 7 cups). Tint 2 cups brown and transfer to a pastry bag with a fine tip. Transfer 1 cup of the remaining icing to a pastry bag with a fine tip. Separate the remaining icing into thirds and tint 1 gray, 1 orange and 1 purple. Transfer ½ cup of each color to separate pastry bags fitted with fine tips. Use a few drops of water to thin the remaining icing for flooding and place in separate resealable plastic bags; snip off 1/16-in. from the corner.
Using the thicker icing (in the pastry bags), outline the windows, shutters and overhang pieces, then fill using the flooding icing. Let dry completely, then use the thicker icing to decorate.
Using the brown icing, glue shutters to wide windows at a slight angle. Let dry completely. Affix windows to front and sides of house using small dollops of icing. Let dry completely.
To assemble the base box, pipe a line of brown icing down the long edge of 1 side piece and attach to the back piece, standing upright. Pipe brown icing onto 2 conjoining sides of the base and slide into place in the crook of the 2 standing pieces, then add the remaining side. Carefully adhere the front to the base and sides and set aside to dry.
To assemble the roof, outline the front of the platform with brown icing. Pipe brown icing on 1 side of a roof side piece and attach to the roof back so that both pieces are slanted inward and resting on the platform. Repeat with remaining sides then top with the rooftop. Set aside to dry.
To assemble the attic, pipe a line of brown icing down the edge of an attic side and attach to the attic back. Repeat with remaining 2 sides to form a box. Pipe a line of brown icing around the rim of the box, then pipe icing on one edge of an attic roof side piece and attach to the attic roof back so that both pieces are slanted inward and resting on the rim of the box. Repeat with remaining sides then top with the attic roof. Set aside to dry.
To assemble the doorway, pipe a line of brown icing along the edges of the 2 entryway side pieces and attach to the front entryway. Pipe brown icing around the top edge and add the top of the entryway. Allow to dry before affixing the decorated overhang.
When all pieces are dry, begin assembling the house. Pipe a line of brown icing around the top edges of the base box then gently place the roof platform on top. Add the attic by piping a line of brown icing around the bottom of the box and gently pressing onto the roof, leaving ½-in. space at the front and back (enough room for candy corns). Once the house has dried completely, adhere to the ground piece using royal icing.
Pipe brown icing along the back edges of the entryway then slide into position at the front of the house between the 2 long windows. Add the wafer cookie stairs then glue the door to the entryway with a dab of icing. Follow the slide show to complete the decorating details.
Tip: Reinforce your house by piping lines of brown icing over the seams after the pieces are assembled.


2¼ c. all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. kosher salt
¾ c. butter-flavored shortening
5 tbsp. ice-cold water
5 medium ripe peaches
1¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1  flower cookie cutter
In a large bowl, whisk together 2 cups flour and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add the shortening and, using a pastry blender or two knives, cut it in until the mixture is crumbly. Stirring with a fork, add the cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the mixture forms a ball. Transfer the dough to a piece of plastic wrap and shape into a 1-inch-thick rectangle. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until ready to use.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Fill a large bowl with ice water. Score an X on the bottom of each peach. Boil each peach for 1 minute, then immediately transfer to the ice water. Once cool enough to handle, peel and cut into 1-in. pieces.
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large saucepan, bring the peaches, 1 1/4 cups sugar, the remaining 1/4 cup flour, and 1/4 teaspoon salt to a gentle simmer. Remove from heat and stir in 2 tablespoons butter until melted and combined. Transfer the mixture to a shallow 3-quart or 9- by 13-inch baking dish.
On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into an 11- by 15-inch rectangle. Cut six flower shapes out of the center of the dough. Lay the dough over the filling, leaving a 1-inch overhang on all sides. Fold the crust under itself to create a thicker crust and crimp as desired. Arrange the cutout pieces on top of the dough as desired.
In a small microwave-safe bowl, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Brush the dough with the melted butter and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until the dough is golden brown and cooked through, 55 to 60 minutes.


2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. granulated sugar
¾ tsp. Coarse salt
8 oz. cold unsalted butter
¼ c. ice water
1 large egg
coarse sanding sugar
Crème fraîche
1½ lb. Concord grapes
3 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 c. granulated sugar
salt
Make the dough: Pulse flour, granulated sugar, and salt in a food processor. Add butter, and process until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. With the machine running, add ice water in a slow, steady stream until mixture just begins to hold together. Shape dough into 2 disks. Wrap each in plastic, and refrigerate 1 hour (or up to 2 days).
Make the jam: Combine grapes and lemon juice in a medium nonreactive saucepan over high heat. Cook, stirring frequently, until grapes release their juices, about 7 minutes. Strain through a fine sieve (you should have 1 1/2 to 2 cups juice). Return juice to saucepan over high heat, stir in granulated sugar and a pinch of salt, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, and simmer until temperature registers 220 degrees on a candy thermometer, about 8 minutes. Transfer jam to a bowl, and let cool, stirring occasionally.
On a lightly floured surface, roll out each disk of dough to 1/8-inch thickness. Transfer 1 round to a baking sheet, preferably lined with parchment, and fit the other round into a 9 1/2-inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Trim edges flush with tart pan. Freeze both until firm, about 15 minutes.
Using the wide base of 2 pastry tips (one 3/4 inch in diameter and one 1 inch), cut clusters of holes in dough on baking sheet to create a bunch of grapes. Using a paring knife, cut a stem at the top. Freeze until firm.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Spread 1 cup grape jam over dough in tart pan. (Refrigerate any remaining jam for up to 2 weeks.) Brush top edge of dough with egg. Slide remaining dough round on top, centering the design. Press edges to seal, and trim excess dough. Brush top with egg, then sprinkle with sanding sugar. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Bake tart for 15 minutes, then gently tap pan on counter to release air bubbles. Return to oven, and bake until golden brown and bubbling, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool. Unmold, and transfer to a platter. Serve with creme fraiche.


5 oz. ripe fresh figs
1 tbsp. sugar
3 oz. dark chocolate

Chill a loaf pan in freezer at least 10 minutes. Meanwhile, sprinkle figs with sugar and toss to coat; let stand until juicy, about 5 minutes.
Fold figs and chocolate into custard base with a rubber spatula. Freeze and churn in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions, then transfer to pan. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until hardened, at least 2 hours; ice cream can be frozen up to 2 weeks ahead.


1 c. heavy cream
1½ tsp. fresh or dried lavender
1 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. finely ground cornmeal
1 tbsp. sugar
1½ tsp. sugar
½ tsp. Coarse salt
1 stick cold unsalted butter
2 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1 large egg yolk
2 tbsp. ice water
2 tbsp. sugar
¼  vanilla bean
1 c. fresh wild or regular blueberries or huckleberries
Cream:
Crusts:
Let dough stand at room temperature until pliable. Roll out on a lightly floured surface to a little more than 1/8 inch thick. Cut out 4-inch circles, gathering scraps and rerolling dough once. Fit into twelve 2 1/2-inch-diameter tartlet pans, making sides thicker than bottoms. Place pans on a rimmed baking sheet and freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake on baking sheet until golden brown, pressing down often on centers as they puff up, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely.
Filling:


1 c. sugar
¼ c. dried chamomile blossoms
3  ripe peaches
2 stick unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
4 large egg yolks
3 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. Coarse salt
8 tsp. chamomile tea
1½ c. sour cream
6 tbsp. sugar
Fresh chamomile flowers (unsprayed)
Peaches:
Remove peaches from liquid, peel, and cut each half into fifths. Pass liquid through a fine sieve and measure out 1 1/2 cups. Return peaches to remaining liquid. Transfer 1 1/2 cups liquid to a pot; bring to a boil and reduce until syrupy (about 2 tablespoons), about 15 minutes. Let cool completely.
Crusts:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake crusts until golden brown, pressing down centers of tarts if puffing up, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely.
Filling:


2 lb. fresh strawberries
2 tsp. lemon zest
2 tbsp. lemon juice
2  Granny Smith apples
¼ c. fresh mint
2 c. superfine sugar
3 tbsp. Ball RealFruit instant pectin (see Note)
In a bowl, toss together the strawberries, lemon zest and juice, and 1/4 cup sugar. Fold in the apples and mint and let sit for 15 minutes.
In a medium bowl, whisk together 1 3/4 cups sugar and pectin. Sprinkle the sugar mixture over the fruit, then fold and stir constantly for 2 minutes. Using a potato masher, lightly crush the fruit mixture for 1 minute.
Transfer to 8-ounce freezer-safe jars (about 3/4 cup per jar), leaving a 1/2-inch space at the top of each jar.
Refrigerate for at least 3 days before serving or freeze for up to 1 year. If frozen, thaw in the refrigerator overnight before serving (once open, consume within 1 week).




1  vanilla bean
2 tsp. lemon zest
2 tbsp. lemon juice
2 lb. nectarines
1 lb. raspberries
2 c. superfine sugar
3 tbsp. Ball RealFruit instant pectin (see Note)
Scrape out the vanilla seeds into a large bowl. Add the nectarines, and toss with the lemon zest and juice and 1/4 cup sugar; let sit for 15 minutes, then toss with the raspberries.
In a medium bowl, whisk together 1 3/4 cups sugar and pectin. Sprinkle the sugar mixture over the fruit, then fold and stir constantly for 3 minutes (do not mash).
Transfer to 8-ounce freezer-safe jars (about 3/4 cup per jar), leaving a 1/2-inch space at the top of each jar.
Refrigerate for at least 3 days before serving or freeze for up to 1 year. If frozen, thaw in the refrigerator overnight before serving (once open, consume within 1 week).


2 tsp. orange zest
2  navel oranges
2 lb. fresh blueberries
2 tsp. lime zest
2 tbsp. fresh lime juice
1 c. superfine sugar
3 tbsp. Ball RealFruit instant pectin (see Note)
In a bowl, toss together the orange zest, oranges, blueberries, lime zest and juice, and 1/4 cup sugar.
Using a potato masher, lightly crush the fruit mixture and let sit for 15 minutes.
Whisk together 3/4 cup sugar and pectin. Sprinkle over fruit mixture, then fold and stir constantly for 2 minutes.
Transfer to 8-ounce freezer-safe jars (about 1/4 cup per jar), leaving a 1/2 inch of space at the top of each jar.
Refrigerate for at least 3 days before serving or freeze for up to 1 year. If frozen, thaw in the refrigerator overnight before serving (once open, consume within 1 week).


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. Coarse salt
½ tsp. sugar
1 stick cold unsalted butter
2 tbsp. ice water
1 c. milk
1 c. heavy cream
2 sprig lemon basil
5 large egg yolks
¼ c. sugar
2 tsp. cornstarch
.13 tsp. Coarse salt
10 oz. fresh strawberries
8 oz. fresh raspberries
Fresh elderberries or currants
¼ c. sugar
Crust:
Let dough stand at room temperature until pliable. Roll out on a lightly floured surface to an 11-inch round, about 1/8 inch thick. Fit into a 9-inch pie plate, fold over edge, then crimp. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line pie-crust with parchment and fill with weights or dried beans. Bake 25 minutes, then remove parchment and weights and continue to bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Let cool.
Filling:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Return milk mixture to a simmer; remove lemon basil sprigs. Whisk together egg yolks and sugar in a bowl, then whisk in cornstarch and salt until mixture is pale and thick, about 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in hot milk mixture until smooth. Pass mixture through a fine sieve into piecrust; skim any foam from surface with a spoon. Bake just until set in center (if browning too quickly, tent edges with foil), about 30 minutes. Let cool completely. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 4 hours or up to overnight.
Berries: Gently toss strawberries, raspberries, and elderberry clusters with sugar in a bowl. Let stand until juicy, about 5 minutes. Spoon berries and juices over chilled pie, top with lemon-basil flowers, and serve.


Vegetable oil cooking spray
1½ c. sugar
¾ c. brown-rice flour
½ c. almond flour
¾ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
¼ c. quinoa flour
2 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. Coarse salt
2  large eggs
¾ c. warm water
¾ c. low-fat (1 percent) buttermilk
1 oz. unsalted butter (2 tablespoons)
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ c. sugar
¼ c. water
1 tbsp. corn syrup
1 tsp. corn syrup
5  large egg whites
¾ tsp. pure vanilla extract
pinch of salt
Make the cake layers: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly coat two 8-inch cake pans with cooking spray. Line bottoms with parchment; spray parchment.
Whisk together dry ingredients in a large bowl. Add remaining ingredients, and mix until smooth, about 3 minutes. Divide batter between pans.
Bake cakes until they pull away from sides of pans, about 1 hour. Let cool in pans on wire racks. Cakes will keep, covered, for up to 1 day.
Make the frosting: Place sugar, water, corn syrup, and whites in a heatproof mixer bowl over a pot of simmering water. Cook, whisking occasionally, until sugar dissolves and mixture registers 160 degrees on a candy thermometer.
Attach bowl to mixer. Whisk hot sugar mixture on high speed until stiff, glossy peaks form, about 7 minutes. Whisk in vanilla and salt.
Assemble the cake: Place a cake layer on a plate. Spread 2 cups frosting on top. Place remaining cake layer on top of frosting. Frost top and sides with remaining frosting. Cake is best eaten within 1 hour of frosting.


2 c. sugar
2  plums
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tsp. rose water (such as Cortas, available at amazon.com)
Pinch of coarse salt
Combine sugar, 1 1/2 cups water, and plums in a small pot and bring to a simmer, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and let cool completely. Pass through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids to extract as much liquid as possible.
Stir lemon juice, rose water, and salt into sugar syrup. Refrigerate until well chilled, at least 2 hours and up to overnight. Stir well, then freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Store in freezer in a metal loaf pan, covered with plastic wrap, until ready to serve, up to 2 days.


2 c. sugar
½ c. water
1 c. heavy cream
1  vanilla bean
2 tsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. bourbon
Combine sugar and water in a 2-quart saucepan over medium heat. Without stirring, cook until dark amber, swirling pan carefully while cooking, about 12 minutes.
Reduce heat to low. Slowly add the cream, stirring with a wooden spoon. Scrape vanilla seeds into pan; add pod. Add lemon juice, butter, and bourbon. Stir to combine. Remove pod.
Cover, and store, refrigerated, up to 1 week. Bring sauce to room temperature, or warm over low heat, before using.


4 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. Coarse salt
3 stick cold unsalted butter
¾ c. ice water
7 c. blackberries
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. finely chopped fresh oregano
¼ c. cornstarch
Pinch of coarse salt
1 large egg
coarse sanding sugar
Sweetened whipped cream
Crust:
Let dough stand at room temperature until pliable. Roll out 1 disk on a lightly floured surface to an 11-inch round, about 1/4 inch thick. Fit into a 9-inch pie plate. Trim overhang to just beyond rim of pie plate; tuck under to create a neat edge all around. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, roll out remaining 2 disks of dough to just under 1/4 inch thick; freeze on 2 baking sheets until firm, about 30 minutes. Using a 1-inch fluted cookie cutter, cut out as many rounds as possible from sheets of dough (rerolling and cutting out scraps once). Return cutouts to freezer.
Filling:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F with a rack in lower third and a baking sheet on rack below. Brush entire top of pie with egg wash and sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake 30 minutes. Reduce heat to 375 degrees F and continue to bake until juices are bubbling near center (if browning too quickly, tent top or edge with foil), about 1 hour more. Let cool completely, at least 6 hours or overnight. Serve with whipped cream.



24  small Italian plums
6 tsp. sugar
1 c. sour cream
3 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
Cut a slit into (but not through) each plum; remove pits. Fill cavity of each plum with 1/4 teaspoon sugar. Close plum before wrapping in dough. Use 1 plum for each pierogi. Follow cooking directions in the
Mix together sour cream, confectioners' sugar, vanilla extract, and nutmeg. Serve chilled. Makes 1 cup.


½ c. quinoa flour
1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. baking powder
4 oz. cold unsalted butter
4 oz. cold cream cheese
½ c. ice water
5 oz. Calimyrna figs
2 c. frozen cranberries
1¾ c. full-bodied red wine
¾ c. brown sugar
2 tsp. red-wine vinegar
1 large egg
granulated sugar
Make the dough:
Make the filling:
Roll dough on a lightly floured surface to 1/4 inch thick. Trim to a 10 1/2-inch circle. Transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Brush a 1-inch border with egg wash. Pile filling toward center of dough and fold dough over about 2 inches. Pinch to seal. Brush with egg wash and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Chill until firm, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake tart until golden and bubbling, about 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour, plus extra flour for dusting
¼ c. granulated sugar
.13 tsp. Coarse salt
1 stick unsalted butter
2 large egg yolks
1 tbsp. ice water
1 tbsp. ice water
2 lb. mixed small plums
⅓ c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. packed light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1 pinch Coarse salt
1 tsp. rose water
¼ c. packed light-brown sugar
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. Coarse salt

Make crust:
Let dough stand at room temperature until pliable. Roll out on a lightly floured surface to a rough 13-inch round, about 1/4 inch thick. Fit into an 11-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Fold over and tuck overhanging edges into pan. Freeze until firm, about 1 hour.
Make filling:
Make crumble:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees with rack in lower third. Bake on a rimmed baking sheet until juices are bubbling and topping is browned, about 50 minutes. Let cool completely. Tart is best served the day it's made, with sorbet.


8  ripe plums
2 tbsp. grapeseed oil or vegetable oil
2 pt. vanilla ice cream

Arrange 4 plum quarters on each of 8 skewers so that cut sides of fruit all face in the same direction. Brush cut side of fruit with oil, and place, cut side down, on a medium-hot grill, off direct heat.
Grill just until fruit begins to turn golden brown, about 2 minutes. Brush bottoms of fruit with oil, and turn over. Grill until pit cavity fills with juices and fruit is soft, about 5 minutes, depending on ripeness of fruit and heat of grill.
Serve with bowls of vanilla ice cream, drizzled with caramel sauce.


1 c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. fine stone-ground cornmeal
¼ c. rye flour
2 tbsp. rye flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
1½ c. buttermilk
½ c. canola oil
¼ c. honey
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. sugar
1¾ tsp. kosher salt
4 large eggs
1 c. fresh corn kernels
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line two 12-cup muffin tins with paper or foil liners. In a medium bowl, whisk the all-purpose flour with the cornmeal, rye flour, baking powder, and baking soda. In another medium bowl, whisk the buttermilk with the oil and honey.
In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle or using a handheld electric mixer, beat the butter, sugar, and salt at medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time, scraping down the side of the bowl as needed. Add the dry ingredients and beat at medium speed until evenly combined. At low speed, gradually beat in the buttermilk mixture until just incorporated, then fold in the corn.
Spoon the batter into the prepared muffin cups. Bake for about 15 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center of the muffins comes out clean. Let the muffins cool in the pans for 10 minutes before turning them out onto a rack to cool completely.


1 c. whole milk
1½ c. heavy cream
1  vanilla bean
6 large egg yolks
¾ c. sugar
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
Combine milk and cream in a medium saucepan. Add vanilla seeds and pod. Bring mixture to a simmer over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally; remove from heat.
Whisk together egg yolks, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in half of milk mixture. Pour egg-milk mixture back into pan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, 6 to 8 minutes.
Pour custard through a fine sieve into a bowl set in a larger bowl of ice water; discard vanilla pod. Let cool, stirring occasionally. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour; custard base can be refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. granulated sugar
¾ tsp. salt
1 c. very cold butter
6 tbsp. ice water
1 tbsp. heavy cream
2 tsp. coarse sanding sugar
In food processor, pulse flour, granulated sugar, and salt until combined. Add butter; pulse 25 to 30 times in 1-second bursts until butter is in small bits. Add ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing 3 times between additions in 1-second bursts, or until dough holds together when pressed between fingers.
Cover work surface with 2 large pieces plastic wrap, overlapping to make a cross shape. Pour half of dough into center of plastic wrap; use wrap to help press and shape dough into ball, then press firmly into round disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Repeat with 2 more pieces plastic wrap and remaining dough.
Remove 1 dough disk from refrigerator; let stand at room temperature 2 to 3 minutes to prevent cracking. On lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 12-inch round, rolling from center to edge and turning and lightly flouring dough to prevent sticking. Repeat with remaining dough disk. Before baking, brush crust with heavy cream and sprinkle with sanding sugar.


1 can artichoke hearts
½ c. chopped baby spinach
2 tbsp. chopped roasted almonds
2 tbsp. grated Parmesan
1 tsp. grated orange zest
¾ tsp. kosher salt
¾ tsp. Pepper
4  boneless, skinless chicken breasts
2 tbsp. olive oil
In a small bowl, combine the artichokes, spinach, almonds, Parmesan, orange zest, and 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper.
Cut a 2-inch pocket in the thickest part of each chicken breast. Stuff a quarter of the artichoke mixture into each breast. Season the chicken with 1/2 teaspoon each salt and pepper.
Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook the chicken breasts until golden brown and cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes per side.


2 c. all-purpose flour
10  graham crackers
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
2 stick unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. dark-brown sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
8 oz. dark chocolate chips
2 c. marshmallow crème
2¼ tsp. Flaky sea salt
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, whisk together flour, graham cracker crumbs, baking soda, and salt; set aside.
With an electric mixer, cream together butter and sugars for 2 to 3 minutes, or until pale and fluffy. Add vanilla extract and eggs, one at a time, beating thoroughly until fully incorporated. Add flour mixture and beat until just combined.
Drop dough in 2-tablespoon portions onto prepared baking sheets. Lightly press down with the palm of your hand to flatten to 1/2-inch thick. Bake 14 to 15 minutes, or until cookies are golden brown around the edges. Let cool on pan 5 minutes; transfer to rack and cool completely.
In a small heatproof bowl set over a small saucepan of simmering water, melt chocolate until smooth, stirring often. Let cool 2 to 4 minutes. Use a spoon or small spatula to spread each cookie with 1 heaping teaspoon marshmallow crème. Drizzle 1 teaspoon melted chocolate on top of crème, and swirl together. Sprinkle immediately with salt. Let harden 30 minutes before serving.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter
2 tbsp. ice water or chilled vodka
½ c. blanched almonds
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 large eggs
1  vanilla bean
1 tbsp. bourbon
.13 tsp. salt
1 lb. ripe figs
1 tbsp. lemon zest
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 c. heavy cream
2 c. whole-milk ricotta
Local honey
In the bowl of a food processor, pulse 1 1/4 cups flour, sugar, and salt until combined. Add cold butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal and a few pea-size pieces of butter remain, about 8 to 10 pulses. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons ice water or vodka and pulse until dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed. Transfer to a lightly floured work surface and shape dough into a disk; wrap tightly in plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.
Pulse almonds and sugar until finely ground in the bowl of a food processor. Add melted butter, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons flour, vanilla, bourbon, and salt and pulse until smooth; set aside. In a medium bowl, combine figs, lemon zest and juice; set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. On a large, lightly floured piece of parchment paper, roll dough to a 14-inch round. Drain fig mixture and discard liquid. Spread almond filling in center, leaving a 2-inch border; top with fig mixture. Fold border over edge of filling, pleating all around and pressing down gently to seal. In a small bowl, mix remaining egg with 1 teaspoon water; brush dough with egg wash. Using edges of parchment, transfer crostata to a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until crust is golden brown, about  45 minutes. Let cool on baking sheet at least 30 minutes.
Whip cream in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until soft peaks form. Add ricotta and whip to medium stiff peaks; sweeten to taste with honey. To serve, drizzle with additional honey, cut into wedges, and serve with ricotta.


1 large egg
2 tbsp. sour cream
1 c. whole milk
1 c. water
5 c. all-purpose flour
yellow cornmeal

Coarse salt
Make the dough:
Turn out dough onto a floured surface. (Dough will be loose and sticky.) Using a bench scraper, turn and fold dough to knead, dusting with flour as needed, until elastic and no longer sticky, 8 to 10 minutes. (Dough will come together as you knead it. Be careful not to add too much flour, since it will toughen the dough.) Cover with an inverted bowl; let rest for 1 hour.
Divide dough into 4 equal pieces. Line a rimmed baking sheet with a clean linen towel, and dust generously with cornmeal to prevent sticking.
Roll out 1 piece of dough on a lightly floured surface into a 1/8-inch-thick round (keep other pieces covered).
Cut out circles very close together, using a 3-inch cutter or glass (5 inches for the plum version). Cover with plastic wrap to prevent dough from drying. Repeat with remaining dough.
Fill pierogi:
Holding 1 circle in your hand, fold dough over filling. Pinch edges, forming a well-sealed crescent.
Transfer to cornmeal-dusted towel, and loosely cover with plastic wrap. Repeat with remaining dough circles and filling. Working in batches, transfer pierogi to boiling water. They will sink to the bottom and then rise. Once they have risen, cook through, about 2 minutes more (or up to 4 minutes for plum pierogi, depending on ripeness).


vegetable oil
4  ripe plums
½ c. crumbled cookies
vanilla ice cream
Heat a grill to medium. Clean and lightly oil hot grill. Grill plums, cut side up, until charred, 2 minutes. Flip and cook until fruit is soft, about 5 minutes. Transfer plums to a platter, sprinkle with cookies, and serve with ice cream.


2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract or scraped vanilla bean
2  cardamom pods
1 lb. plums
2 tbsp. maple syrup
1 pinch fine-grain sea salt
In a medium saucepan, warm butter over medium-high heat until it begins to brown, about 3 minutes. Add vanilla and cardamom, then remove from heat and stir. Let stand 10 minutes.
Add sliced plums, maple syrup, and salt, and cook over medium heat until juicy, about 3 minutes.


2  ripe plums (about 8 ounces)
¾ c. chilled sparkling rosso dolce or medium-bodied red wine
1 tbsp. packed fresh tarragon leaves
Freshly ground pepper
Place plums in a shallow bowl. Top with wine and tarragon; season with pepper.


peaches
olive oil
honey
farmer cheese
basil
Halve peaches; brush with olive oil. Grill, cut sides down, until soft with char marks, about 4 minutes. Serve with honey-drizzled chilled farmer cheese, and garnish with basil.


vegetable oil
1  pineapple
2 tbsp. honey
.13 tsp. cayenne pepper
1 c. Coconut sorbet
¼ c. torn fresh mint leaves
Heat grill or a grill pan to medium; lightly oil grates or pan. In a bowl, toss pineapple with honey and cayenne. Grill until light-brown grill marks appear, 10 to 15 minutes, turning once. Serve pineapple with sorbet; garnish with mint.


4  graham crackers
1 oz. bar semisweet chocolate
4 large marshmallows
Set up a grill for indirect cooking over medium. Place 8 graham-cracker halves on cooler side of grill. Top 4 halves with chocolate and 4 with marshmallows. Cover grill and cook until chocolate melts and marshmallows soften, 3 to 5 minutes. Sandwich and serve immediately.


8  freestone peaches
1  lemon
1 tbsp. vegetable oil
1½ tbsp. packed light-brown sugar
2 tsp. water
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
.13 tsp. ground cinnamon
.13 tsp. Coarse salt
1 qt. vanilla ice cream
Peel, halve, and pit peaches.
Preheat grill to high. Combine lemon juice and vegetable oil in a bowl. Add peaches; toss to coat. Place peaches (with liquid) on a large piece of parchment-lined foil.
Stir together brown sugar, water, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and salt. Brush over peaches. Fold foil to form a packet, crimping edges to seal. Grill, covered, for 15 minutes.
Slice peaches, and divide among 8 bowls. Top with scoops of ice cream.


2  rolls Skillet Bread
4  ripe but firm bananas
1 bag marshmallows
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 c. heavy cream
3 tbsp. bourbon (optional)
Make the chocolate fondue: Place chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring cream to a simmer in a medium saucepan set over a campfire or on a medium-high grill; pour over chocolate. Let stand for 5 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Whisk in bourbon.
Make the skewers: Thread bread, bananas, and marshmallows onto 8 skewers. Toast over campfire. Serve with chocolate fondue for dipping.


1  watermelon
½ c. Campari (optional)
Using a very sharp knife, slice the rind from the bottom of each watermelon half. The halves will now lay flat on a cutting board.
Working from top to bottom, trim the rind from the watermelon flesh in 4 cuts, creating 2 large squares. Cut each square in half to make 4 smaller squares. Cut the squares vertically into thirds. Rotate counterclockwise and repeat the cut. Rotate once more counterclockwise and cut into thirds again.
Place on dessert plates and serve each with 2 tablespoons of Campari, if desired.


¼ c. coconut flakes
2 pt. store-bought coconut sorbet
2 c. watermelon
finely grated lime zest
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake coconut flakes in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet until toasted, about 3 minutes.
Divide half the sorbet among 6 tall glasses using a 2 1/4-inch ice cream scoop. Top each with a layer of watermelon, another scoop of sorbet, and then more watermelon. Sprinkle with lime zest and toasted coconut.


½ c. whole milk
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1½ c. fat-free milk
½ c. sugar
4 strip orange zest
2  ripe Hass avocados
2 tbsp. fresh lime juice
Lime wedges
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
Prepare an ice-water bath. Whisk whole milk with cornstarch in a bowl.
Whisk together fat-free milk, sugar, and orange zest in a saucepan, and bring to a simmer. Add cornstarch mixture, and cook, whisking, until mixture bubbles and thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove orange zest. Set in ice-water bath to cool.
Purée avocados, lime juice, salt, and milk mixture in a food processor.
Freeze the avocado mixture in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to an airtight container, and freeze for at least 3 hours (or up to 2 weeks). Spoon 2 scoops of gelato into each bowl, and serve with lime wedges for squeezing.


3  avocados
6 tbsp. cocoa powder
¼ c. raw honey
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Sea salt
Purée avocados, cocoa powder, honey, and vanilla in a food processor until smooth. Sprinkle pudding with salt before serving.


1 lb. ripe black plums
⅓ c. Tawny Port
¼ c. honey
1 strip fresh orange zest
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon

Combine plums, Port, honey, orange zest, and cinnamon in a large, deep straight-sided skillet. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until plums are syrupy and tender, about 8 minutes. Remove and discard zest. Lightly mash fruit with the back of a spoon. Let cool completely. (You should have about 1 1/2 cups.)
Chill a loaf pan in freezer at least 10 minutes. Fold plum mixture into custard base with a rubber spatula. Freeze and churn in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions, then transfer to pan. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until hardened, at least 2 hours; ice cream can be frozen up to 2 weeks ahead.


1 tbsp. ground Saigon or regular cinnamon
2 c. granulated sugar
2 c. water
In 3-quart saucepan, bring cinnamon, sugar, and water to boiling on medium, whisking. Simmer 15 minutes, then strain through cheesecloth-lined fine-mesh sieve into liquid measuring cup. Cool completely.


3½ lb. ripe yellow peaches
1½ c. sugar
1 small jalapeño chile
5 strip lemon peel
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
1 tsp. kosher salt
In large colander, toss peaches and sugar until well mixed. Set over large bowl and let stand for 30 minutes. Reserve accumulated juices for anything you'd like, for example, tea, dessert, or cocktails.
In large saucepan, bring peaches, jalapeño, lemon peel and juice, and salt to a boil. Adjust heat to simmer
and cook for 30 minutes.
With potato masher, lightly mash fruit. Discard lemon peel. Ladle mixture into sterilized canning
jars and jar properly or refrigerate for up to 3 months.


all-purpose flour
8  ripe but firm yellow peaches
¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. packed light or dark brown sugar
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
1 tsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tsp. amaretto liqueur
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 pinch table salt
1 large egg
1 tbsp. water
1 tbsp. coarse or granulated sugar
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper.
Lightly dust work surface and rolling pin with flour; swirl 1 dough rectangle to lightly coat bottom (be sure dough can move while being rolled out). Roll dough rectangle from center out; rotate 1/4 turn and roll again. Keep rolling and turning until it forms a 13" by 9" rectangle, lightly flouring surface and top of dough repeatedly (use just enough flour to keep dough from sticking, but don't over-flour). Transfer dough to 1 baking sheet; refrigerate.
Repeat rolling out with other piece of dough; place on second baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 20 min. Cool completely on sheet on wire rack. Meanwhile, turn oven down to 375 degrees F.
While dough is cooling, make filling: On another rimmed baking sheet or in shallow baking dish, combine peaches, sugars, cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon juice, amaretto, cornstarch, and salt, tossing until well mixed. Roast in oven until fruit releases its juices, about 20 minutes.
In small bowl, beat egg with water. Transfer cooled baked crust to shallow 13" by 9" baking dish; spread hot peach filling evenly over it. Top with chilled unbaked dough, brush with egg wash and sprinkle with coarse sugar.
Bake until crust is golden and fruit is bubbling, about 1 hour 20 minutes. Let cool slightly and serve warm with ice cream or sweetened whipped cream.


1 tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. table salt
⅓ c. cold water
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ lb. cold unsalted butter
Chill bowl and paddle attachment of standing electric mixer until cold. In small bowl, dissolve sugar and salt in water; chill until cold.
In chilled mixer bowl, combine flour and butter and toss with hands until butter pieces are well coated. Mix with paddle on low speed until butter forms pea-size pieces; add water mixture all at once, increase speed to medium and beat just until dough comes together.
Flatten dough into two 1-inch-thick rectangles (for cobbler crusts) or two 1-inch-thick disks (for pies). Wrap dough tightly in plastic wrap and chill until firm, at least 30 minutes or up to 1 day. (You can also freeze dough for up to 3 months; thaw in refrigerator or at room temperature.)


2 1/2 cups flour
2 tsp. baking powder
1 c. whole milk
1 c. frozen raspberries
1 package JELL-O gelatin
1 c. unsalted butter
1½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
4 large eggs
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. cornstarch
½ c. water
1 tbsp. water
3 c. fresh blueberries
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 c. very cold heavy cream
½ c. very cold sour cream
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat two 8 1/2- by 4 1/2-inch loaf pans with cooking spray. Line the pans with parchment paper, leaving a 3-inch overhang on the long sides; spray the paper.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour and baking powder. In a blender, pulse the milk, raspberries, and gelatin until smooth.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and 1 1/2 cups sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.
Reduce the mixer speed to medium and beat in the eggs, one at a time, then the vanilla. Add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the raspberry mixture and beating until just incorporated.
Divide the batter between the two prepared pans (about 3 cups each) and bake until a wooden pick inserted into the centers comes out clean, about 1 hour. Let the cakes cool in the pans for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water. In a medium saucepan, bring 1 1/2 cups blueberries, 1/2 cup water, and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar to a boil. Reduce heat, add the cornstarch mixture and simmer until thickened, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the lemon juice and 1/2 cup blueberries. Let cool.
Using an electric mixer, beat the cream and sour cream in a large bowl until stiff peaks form, about 4 minutes.
To assemble, cut one of the cakes into 1/2-inch cubes; divide among twelve 8-ounce jars. (Wrap and store the second cake for another use.) Top with the cream mixture (about 3 tablespoons each), and then the blueberry sauce (about 2 tablespoons each). Sprinkle with the remaining cup blueberries.


1 c. fruit sorbet
2 pt. vanilla ice cream
Ice cream cones
Place the sorbet in a bowl and let sit while you soften the ice cream (it's fine if it melts a little).
Scoop the ice cream into the bowl of an electric mixer and beat with the paddle attachment until soft, but still holds its shape, about 2 minutes.
Spoon half the ice cream into a 4 1/2- by 8 1/2-inch loaf pan or 1 1/2-quart freezer-safe container. Dollop small spoonfuls of the sorbet on top and, using a knife, swirl the sorbet through the ice cream. Repeat with the remaining ice cream and sorbet. Freeze until set, at least 4 hours. Once set, cover with plastic wrap and freeze for up to 2 weeks. Serve in cones, if desired.


¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. water
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. fresh basil, mint, or tarragon
2 lb. watermelon, honeydew, or cantaloupe
In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, 1/4 cup water (use an extra 1/4 cup water for honeydew and cantaloupe) and salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer (do not stir) until the sugar dissolves, 2 to 3 minutes.
Remove from heat, add the herbs, and let cool completely, then strain into a small bowl.
In a blender, purée the cooled syrup and 5 cups melon until smooth. Strain into a metal loaf or square pan, cover, and freeze until set, about 3 hours.
When ready to serve, using a fork, scrape the surface of the melon ice to create large flakes. Transfer to glasses and serve with additional fruit, if desired.


1 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
1  lemon
1½ lb. peaches
6 oz. fresh raspberries
1  vanilla bean
4 large eggs
1 c. whole milk
¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. heavy cream
confectioners' sugar
Soft whipped cream
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a shallow 2 1/2-quart baking dish with the butter and lightly dust with granulated sugar.
In a medium bowl, finely grate the lemon zest (about 2 teaspoons), then squeeze in 1 tablespoon juice. Add the peaches, raspberries, and 1 tablespoon granulated sugar and gently toss to combine.
Using a sharp knife, cut the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape out the seeds. In a blender, combine the eggs, milk, flour, salt, 1/2 cup heavy cream, remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar and the vanilla seeds and pulp (discard the pod). Blend on high until slightly frothy, about 1 minute.
Transfer the fruit to the prepared pan along with any juices and pour the batter on top. Bake until just set, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes.
Dust the clafoutis with confectioners' sugar and serve with whipped cream, if desired.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
3 c. cake flour
2¼ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. baking soda
Coarse salt
2 stick unsalted butter
2¼ c. sugar
6 large eggs
2 c. low-fat buttermilk
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract

1 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
Gel-paste food coloring (
¾ c. blackberries or blueberries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Sift flours, baking powder, baking soda, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt into a bowl.
Beat butter and sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce speed to medium, and add eggs, 1 at a time. Reduce speed to low, and gradually add flour mixture, alternating with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour. Beat in vanilla.
Butter a 5-inch tart pan with a removable bottom, dust with all-purpose flour, and tap out excess. Line mini-muffin tins with mini baking cups (you'll need 75 cupcakes total).
Fill tart pan halfway with batter (about 1/2 cup), then fill each baking cup halfway with batter (a generous tablespoon each). Bake until tops spring back when lightly touched, about 12 minutes for the cupcakes and 14 minutes for the cake. Transfer pans to wire racks, and let cake and cupcakes cool completely.
Transfer 1/4 cup


4 stick unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
6 c. confectioners' sugar
Beat butter and vanilla with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Reduce speed to low. Add sugar, 1 cup at a time, beating well after each addition. Raise speed to high, and beat until well combined, 10 to 20 seconds more. Transfer to a bowl, and cover with plastic wrap until ready to use.


8  fresh Black Mission figs
16 large fresh basil leaves
Fig balsamic vinegar or aged balsamic vinegar
Place each fig half on an upturned basil leaf, cupping leaf around fig. Drizzle each fig with a few drops of vinegar, and serve immediately.


1 c. whole milk
1½ c. heavy cream
2 c. fresh corn kernels
1 c. fresh basil leaves
6 large egg yolks
1 c. sugar
.13 tsp. Coarse salt
Combine milk, cream, corn, and basil in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat, remove from heat, and cover. Let steep 10 minutes.
Whisk together egg yolks, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in half of milk mixture. Pour egg-milk mixture back into pan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, 6 to 8 minutes.
Pour custard through a fine sieve into a bowl set in a larger bowl of ice water; discard solids. Let cool, stirring occasionally. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 1 hour; custard can be refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.
Chill a loaf pan in freezer at least 10 minutes. Freeze and churn custard in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions, then transfer to pan. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until hardened, at least 2 hours; ice cream can be frozen up to 2 weeks ahead.


1 lb. fresh or frozen fruit
2 tbsp. granulated sugar (only if using fresh fruit)
2 c. vanilla yogurt
Ice pop molds (see Note)
10  ice pop sticks
Using a food processor, purée the fruit (and sugar, if using fresh fruit) until smooth. Pour into a resealable bag or squeeze bottle.
Spoon the yogurt into a resealable bag or squeeze bottle. If using resealable bags, snip off a corner from each. Alternately squeeze the yogurt and purée into the molds to create swirls. Insert sticks according to directions and freeze overnight.


3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
¼ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
¾ c. very cold unsalted butter
1 c. very cold whole milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. very cold heavy cream
2 tbsp. very cold heavy cream
1 lb. fresh strawberries
6 oz. fresh raspberries
2 pt. chocolate chip ice cream
Heat oven to 425 degrees F and line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and 1/4 cup sugar. Add the butter and rub between your fingers until the mixture resembles fine bread crumbs.
Combine the milk and vanilla. Using a large fork, gradually add the milk to the flour mixture, stirring and folding until just combined (do not overmix).
Drop 8 large mounds of dough on the prepared baking sheet, spacing them 1 inch apart. Brush with 2 tablespoon cream and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar. Bake, rotating the baking sheet halfway through cooking, until light golden brown, 20 to 22 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, gently toss together the strawberries, raspberries, and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Let sit for 10 minutes. Using an electric mixer, whisk the remaining cup of cream until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes.
Split the shortcakes, top the bottom halves with the ice cream, whipped cream, and berries, then sandwich with the tops.



4 pt. ice cream and gelato
Using a 1 1/2-inch ice cream scoop, press a scoop of ice cream or gelato on top of 1 cupcake. Repeat with remaining cupcakes and ice cream or gelato.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1¼ c. sugar
¾ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
½ c. warm water
½ c. buttermilk
¼ c. vegetable oil
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini-muffin tins with paper liners.
Sift flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt into a mixer bowl. Transfer bowl to mixer, and add egg, yolk, water, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla. Beat on low speed until mixture is well combined and smooth, about 3 minutes.
Divide batter among liners, filling each cup about 2/3 full. Bake, rotating tins halfway through, until golden brown and a tester inserted into centers comes out clean, about 17 minutes. Let cool in tins on wire racks for 30 minutes. Invert cupcakes onto racks, and let cool completely. (Cupcakes can be stored for up to 3 days.)


3 c. finely ground cookies
¼ c. sugar
¾ c. unsalted butter
1 c. pecan pieces
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips or chunks
1 can sweetened condensed milk
1½ c. sweetened shredded coconut
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly splash a 15-by-10-inch rimmed baking sheet evenly with water, then line with parchment paper.
In a large bowl, stir together cookie crumbs, sugar, and butter until combined. Evenly press onto bottom and up sides of prepared baking sheet. Bake, rotating halfway through, until firm, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack; cool, about 20 minutes.
Sprinkle cooled crust evenly with pecans and chocolate. Pour condensed milk over the top, spreading to cover completely (do not let it drip over the edges). Sprinkle with coconut.
Bake until coconut is toasted, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer to rack; cool completely. Trim edges, if desired, and cut into equal-size bars.


3¾ c. all-purpose flour
4 tsp. baking powder
1½ tsp. Coarse salt
1 c. sugar
¾ c. very cold unsalted butter
2 c. cold heavy cream
3 lb. fresh cherries
4 tsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a bowl, combine flour, baking powder, salt, and 1/2 cup sugar. Using large holes on a box grater, grate butter into flour mixture. With a fork, stir in cream until dough just comes together. On a floured work surface, roll out dough to a 3/4-inch thickness with a floured rolling pin. With a knife or biscuit cutter, cut out 8 to 12 rounds or squares of dough.
In a bowl, combine cherries, remaining 1/2 cup sugar, the cornstarch, and vanilla. Divide mixture among four 1- to 1 1/2-cup ramekins; top each with 2 to 3 dough pieces. Brush tops with cream. Bake cobblers on a rimmed baking sheet until biscuits are golden and juices are bubbling, 40 to 45 minutes, rotating sheet halfway through. Let cool 15 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.


½ c. butter
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. Coarse salt
5 large eggs
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 can evaporated milk
1 c. whole milk
2 c. heavy cream
5 c. Fresh fruit (optional)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat eggs and 3/4 cup sugar on high until pale and thick, about 4 minutes. Add vanilla and beat to combine. With mixer on low, gradually add flour mixture and beat to combine. With a rubber spatula, fold in melted butter until incorporated. Transfer batter to dish and bake until top is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes, rotating dish halfway through.
In a medium bowl, whisk together milks. Poke warm cake all over with a wooden skewer or toothpick, then pour milk mixture over top and let cool to room temperature, about 1 hour.
Whip cream and 1/4 cup sugar to medium peaks. To serve, spread whipped cream evenly over cooled cake. Top with fruit if desired.


2 c. whole milk
1½ c. sugar
2 c. creamy peanut butter (not natural)
4 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
2 c. heavy cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Line a 5-by-10-inch jumbo loaf pan with parchment paper, leaving a 4-inch overhang on all sides. In a medium saucepan, combine milk and 1 cup sugar. Bring to a simmer over medium-high, stirring constantly, until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat, add peanut butter, and whisk until smooth. Transfer to a large bowl and let cool to room temperature.
In a small saucepan, bring 1/2 cup sugar and 1/2 cup water to a boil over medium-high, stirring occasionally, until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat, add chocolate, and stir until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Transfer to a small bowl and let cool to room temperature.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, whisk cream and vanilla until soft peaks form. Add half the peanut butter mixture and whisk until combined. With a rubber spatula, add half the remaining peanut butter mixture and gently fold 3 times (mixture will be rippled).
Transfer half the cream mixture to loaf pan. Top with half the peanut butter mixture and 1/4 cup chocolate mixture. Top with remaining cream mixture, then drizzle with remaining peanut butter mixture and 1/4 cup chocolate mixture. With a skewer or thin-bladed knife, swirl mixtures together. Freeze until firm, about 5 hours (or up to 3 days). Let sit 20 minutes at room temperature before serving with extra chocolate sauce.


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
¾ tsp. poppy seeds
1 stick unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir in seeds.
Beat butter and sugar with a mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 6 minutes. Beat in egg and vanilla. Reduce speed to low; gradually beat in flour mixture. Divide dough in half. Shape each half into a disk; wrap in plastic. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Roll out dough 1 disk at a time to just under a 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Using templates or cookie cutters, cut out letters with a paring knife. Reroll scraps; cut more letters (you'll need 14 D's and 7 A's, total). Freeze on 2 parchment-lined baking sheets until firm, 15 minutes.
Bake until edges are golden, 15 to 18 minutes, rotating sheets halfway through. Let cookies cool on sheets set on wire racks.


3 large eggs
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. sugar
3 c. whole milk
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
4 tbsp. butter
12  stale, plain or glazed doughnuts
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly coat medium baking dish or deep-dish pie plate with nonstick cooking spray.
In large bowl, whisk eggs and salt until smooth. Whisk in sugar until combined; whisk in milk, vanilla, cinnamon and butter until smooth. Add doughnuts; fold to combined. Set aside 10 minutes to soak.
Transfer doughnut mixture to prepared baking dish. Bake on rimmed baking sheet 30 to 45 minutes or until set but still slightly giggly in center. Let cool slightly. Serve topped with ice cream (optional).


1 lb. cream cheese
½ c. sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 pinch salt
¾ c. carrot juice
½ c. heavy cream
1
¼ c. caramel sauce
½ c. walnuts
With mixer on high speed, beat cream cheese, sugar, vanilla, spice, and salt until fluffy. Reduce speed to low. Slowly beat in carrot juice until well mixed; set aside.
Whip cream until stiff peaks form. Gently fold whipped cream into cream cheese mixture. Spread filling in graham cracker crust. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or up to 1 day.
Place caramel sauce in microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high 10 seconds or until slightly runny. Stir in walnuts. Spoon walnut mixture onto cheesecake. Refrigerate until ready to serve.


2 c. flour
1½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground ginger
.13 tsp. salt
¾ c. butter
1 c. sugar
1 large egg
⅓ c. molasses
⅔ c. grated carrot
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment.
In large bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, and salt; set aside.
With mixer on medium speed, beat butter and sugar until creamy. Beat in egg, then molasses, until well incorporated. Reduce speed to low. Beat in flour mixture until just combined.
With 1-inch cookie scoop, form dough into balls; place on prepared pans, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are just set. Cool slightly on wire rack. Transfer cookies from cookie sheet to wire rack. Cool completely. Store cookies in airtight container at room temperature up to 1 week or freeze up to 2 months.


2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ c. butter
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 c. sweetened, creamy peanut butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
¾ c. whole milk
1 box confectioners' sugar
½ c. butter
¾ c. strawberry, raspberry, or grape jam
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Line 24 standard muffin pan cups with liners.
Prepare cupcakes:
Bake the cupcakes for 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, rotating the pans halfway through. Cool the cupcakes in the pans on a wire racks for 5 minutes, then remove them from the pans and let them cool completely on wire racks.
Meanwhile, prepare frosting:


1 package graham crackers
2 tsp. granulated sugar
4 tbsp. butter
2 package cream cheese
1 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. salt
3 large eggs
¼ c. heavy cream
Assorted toppings (see ideas below)
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.  Line 48 muffin pan cups with liners.
Prepare crust:
Prepare filling:
Bake the cheesecakes for 12 to 15 minutes, or until set, but still slightly jiggly and moist in the center. Let them cool in the pans for 5 minutes, then transfer them to wire racks to cool completely. Garnish with your choice of toppings (see below).


3 c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. baking soda
1½ c. unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
5 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. buttermilk

2 c. cream-colored sprinkles
2 lb. assorted jellied-citrus slices
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F with a rack in the center. Line jumbo muffin pans with paper baking cups; set aside. In a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda; set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. With mixer running, add eggs and vanilla extract; beat until combined.
With mixer on low speed, add 1 cup reserved flour mixture; mix until combined. Add 1/2 cup buttermilk; combine. Alternate adding flour mixture and buttermilk, ending with flour, until all has been incorporated.
Divide batter evenly among baking cups. Bake until light golden brown and a cake tester inserted into middle comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Rotate pans halfway through baking. Transfer pans to a wire rack to cool.
To decorate, frost each cupcake with about 3 tablespoons buttercream. Gently press each frosted cupcake into sprinkles, rolling around so that entire surface is coated. On a lightly sugared piece of parchment paper, roll out jellied-citrus slices to about 1/8 inch thick. Use 3/4- to 2-inch gum-paste petal cutters to cut petals from the jellied-citrus slices. Use a 3/4- or 1/4-inch pastry tip to cut out the centers of flowers. Use the green citrus slices and a small petal cutter to cut out leaves for the flowers. Place citrus dots in center of cupcakes, and arrange jellied petals around each center to form a flower. Arrange leaves as desired.


1¼ c. sugar
⅓ c. water
5 large egg whites
1 pinch cream of tartar
1 lb. unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring sugar and water to a boil. Clip a candy thermometer onto the saucepan. Boil the syrup, brushing down the sides of the pan with a pastry brush dipped in water to prevent crystallization, until the syrup registers 240 degrees F (soft-ball stage).
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites on low speed until foamy. Add cream of tartar, and beat on medium high until stiff but not dry peaks form.
With the mixer running, pour the sugar syrup down the side of the bowl (to prevent splattering) into the egg whites in a steady stream, and beat on high speed until the steam is no longer visible, about 3 minutes. Beat in butter, piece by piece. Add vanilla; beat until smooth and spreadable, 3 to 5 minutes. If it looks curdled at any point during the beating process, continue beating until smooth.


2 c. skim milk
¼ c. brown sugar
2 tbsp. honey
¼ tsp. ground cardamom
salt
½ c. arborio rice
½ c. golden raisins
½ c. unsweetened flaked coconut
½ c. raw whole almonds
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large saucepan, combine milk, sugar, honey, cardamom, and a pinch of salt; bring to a boil over medium-high. Add rice and stir. Partially cover, reduce heat to low, and cook, stirring occasionally, until rice is tender, 30 to 35 minutes.
Transfer rice to a bowl and stir in raisins. Cover with plastic, and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours.
Spread coconut and almonds on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, tossing occasionally, until coconut is golden, 4 to 6 minutes; set aside to cool. Grind nuts and coconut in a food processor until very finely ground; set aside.
Using level tablespoons, form rice mixture into balls (you should get about 24) and roll in coconut mixture. Place on a rimmed baking sheet and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or covered, up to 2 days.


½ c. confectioners' sugar
In a small bowl, mix confectioners' sugar and 1 to 2 teaspoons water until a smooth but thick glaze forms (too thin a glaze will be absorbed by the cake). Place a piece of waxed paper under cooling rack for easy cleanup. Spoon glaze back and forth over cake, forming a pattern. Keep cake on cooling rack until glaze is set, 15 to 20 minutes.


¼ c. vegetable oil
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. ground cardamom
¼ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
½ c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. packed light brown sugar
⅓ c. low-fat plain yogurt
1 c. finely shredded, packed carrots

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Brush an 8-inch round cake pan with oil. Place a round of waxed or parchment paper in the bottom; brush with oil, and dust with flour, tapping out excess. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking soda, cardamom, and salt; set aside. In a small bowl, whisk eggs, sugars, yogurt, and oil until smooth. Gently mix egg mixture into dry ingredients until moistened; mix in carrots. Transfer batter to prepared pan.
Bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes (if browning too quickly, tent cake with aluminum foil). Cool in pan, 15 minutes. Turn out of pan, remove paper, and cool completely on a rack, right side up. Apply glaze, or dust with confectioners' sugar.


2 oz. bar cream cheese
2 oz. unsalted butter
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. fresh lemon juice
½ c. unsalted butter
½ c. packed light brown sugar
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg yolk
¾ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. salt
1 c. rolled oats
¾ c. packed, finely grated, peeled carrots
⅓ c. dried currants
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.
Meanwhile, make cookies:
Drop dough by level tablespoons, 2 inches apart, onto prepared baking sheets. Flatten with the palm of your hand. Bake until edges are crisp, rotating baking sheets halfway through, 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool.
Turn half the cookies over, bottom side up; dollop each with about 1 teaspoon chilled cream-cheese filling. Top with remaining cookies, pressing gently to spread filling to edges. Serve immediately.


½ oz. unsalted butter
2 medium carrots
1½ c. sugar
4 package cream cheese
4 large eggs
½ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. freshly grated ginger
¼ tsp. salt
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract

2 oz. toasted pecans
8  graham crackers
2 oz. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
Make the crust:
Wrap outside and bottom of a 9-inch springform pan in 2 layers of foil. Press crumb mixture firmly into bottom of pan. Bake until golden brown around edges and firm, about 15 minutes. Let cool on wire rack. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.
Make the cheesecake:
Beat cream cheese and remaining cup sugar with a mixer on medium speed until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Add carrots and pan juices, nutmeg, cinnamon, ginger, salt, and vanilla, and beat until incorporated. Pour into crust.
Set springform pan in a large roasting pan. Fill roasting pan with enough boiling water to reach halfway up the sides of springform pan. Bake cheesecake until set but slightly wobbly in center, 80 to 90 minutes.
Transfer springform pan to a rack, and remove foil. Let cool. Refrigerate, uncovered, at least 6 hours (or overnight; cheesecake will keep, covered and refrigerated, for up to 3 days). Run a hot knife around edges of cheesecake to loosen, then remove sides of pan. Decorate with marzipan carrots just before serving.


1 oz. marzipan
Orange and red gel-paste food coloring ($1.09 per 3/4 oz., by AmeriColor, from
Unsweetened cocoa powder
Small fresh carrot fronds
Tint marzipan with orange and red food coloring, a drop at a time, to reach desired color. Divide into 12 pieces. (Cover with plastic wrap when not using.) Shape each piece into a ball, then roll into logs, tapering 1 end, to resemble carrots (pictured, above).
Dip a paring knife into cocoa powder. Make tiny indentations in each carrot with cocoa-dusted knife to evoke the vegetable's texture. Carrots will keep, covered, for up to 1 week. Push fronds into top of each carrot before serving.


10 tbsp. unsalted butter
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. packed light brown sugar
2 tbsp. packed light brown sugar
2 large eggs
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. packed, peeled, grated carrots
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. Coarse salt
½ tsp. baking soda
½ c. walnuts
1 tsp. confectioners’ sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch (5-cup) trois frères mold or Bundt pan. Dust with flour, and tap out excess. Put butter and brown sugar into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes.
Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add vanilla and carrots, and mix until just combined. Reduce speed to low. Add flour, baking powder, salt, and baking soda. Mix until just combined. Stir in walnuts.
Pour batter into the prepared mold. Bake until a cake tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool in pan on a wire rack 15 minutes. Turn out cake onto rack, and let cool completely. Before serving, dust with confectioners' sugar. Cake can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature up to 3 days.


2 lb. strawberries
⅓ c. dark brown sugar
4 tbsp. balsamic glaze (see Note)
In a medium saucepan over high heat, bring strawberries and brown sugar to a  boil.
Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove pan from heat and, using a potato masher, mash berries until broken up but still chunky.
Let cool for 30 minutes, then stir in balsamic glaze. Serve sauce over ice cream.


1 c. shelled peanuts
2¾ c. sugar
2 large egg whites
2 tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
½ c. buttermilk
1½ c. cola
½ c. olive oil
¼ c. Simple syrup (see recipe below)
¼ c. dark rum
8 oz. smooth peanut butter
8 oz. mascarpone
1 c. heavy cream
1 c. sugar
1 c. water
To make sugared peanuts:
Meanwhile, to make cake:
Meanwhile, to make a rum-and-cola syrup, combine simple syrup, 2 tablespoons rum, and remaining cola in a small bowl. Set aside.
To make peanut-butter filling:
To assemble:
To make the simple syrup:


1½ stick unsalted butter
4 oz. unsweetened chocolate
2 c. sugar
3 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
4 oz. English toffee bits
1 c. chopped pecans or walnuts
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, line bottom and sides of a 9- by 13-inch pan with buttered foil, and set aside.
In a medium microwave-safe bowl, cover butter and chocolate with a paper towel (to prevent splattering) and microwave on high, at 30-second intervals, until melted, 1 1/2 to 2 minutes total. Remove bowl from microwave. Stir in sugar, then eggs and vanilla. Add flour, and stir to combine.
Spread half of batter in prepared pan, then evenly top with half of toffee bits and half of nuts, if desired. Repeat with remaining batter, toffee bits, and nuts, if using. Bake brownies until a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool, then cut into 16 pieces.


1 c. all-purpose flour
1 stick butter
¼ tsp. salt
3 tbsp. ice water
In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade, add flour, butter, and salt, and pulse until mixture is crumbly and largest pieces of butter look like grains of rice. Add ice water and pulse just until dough is somewhat crumbly but holds together when squeezed with fingers (if dough is too dry, add another tablespoon of ice water, 1 teaspoonful at a time, to achieve desired consistency).
Form dough into a disk, wrap tightly in plastic wrap, and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour. On a lightly floured piece of parchment, roll dough into a 14-inch round. Lift parchment and carefully transfer dough to pie pan; fit dough into bottom and up sides, crimping the edge, if desired.


1  sleeve saltine crackers
1 c. butter (no substitutions)
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light brown sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 tbsp. cider vinegar
¼ tsp. Flaky sea salt
Line large jelly-roll pan with aluminium foil; lightly coat with nonstick cooking spray. Arrange crackers on pan in single layer.
In large microwave-safe bowl, microwave butter on high 1 minute, or until melted. Whisk in granulated sugar, brown sugar, vanilla, and vinegar until smooth. Microwave uncovered on high 6 minutes in 2-minute intervals, whisking thoroughly after each interval before returning to microwave. Microwave 1 to 2 minutes more or until dark amber (or until candy thermometer registers 320 degrees F).
Carefully remove caramel from microwave; pour over crackers in pan. Spread caramel into thin layer using offset spatula; tap jelly-roll pan on flat surface to evenly distribute. Sprinkle with salt, if desired. Let cool 15 minutes, or until caramel hardens; break into pieces.


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. butter
1 c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
½ c. buttermilk
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. light corn syrup
.13 tsp. salt
Assorted food colorings
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In medium bowl, whisk flour, baking soda, and salt. In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat butter, and granulated sugar 3 minutes, or until fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time. With mixer on low, add flour mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls, 2 inches apart, onto parchment-lined cookie sheets. Bake 13 to 15 minutes, or until golden, rotating halfway through; let cool.
In medium bowl, with mixer on low, beat confectioners' sugar, corn syrup, milk, and salt until smooth. Tint half the icing in bowls with food coloring as desired. Spread icing on cookies' flat sides; let set 30 minutes.


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. light brown sugar
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. butter
½ c. sliced almonds
2 c. sliced rhubarb
2 c. raspberries
¾ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. fresh orange juice
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 8-inch square baking pan with parchment paper, leaving 2-inch overhang.
In processor, pulse flour, brown sugar, baking soda, and salt. Add butter; pulse into coarse crumbs. Press two-thirds of mixture into bottom of pan. Bake 15 minutes, or until pale golden; cool slightly.
Mix remaining crumb mixture with almonds; press into large crumbs.
In large bowl, combine rhubarb, raspberries, granulated sugar, cornstarch, juice, and vanilla; spread over crust. Sprinkle with crumb topping.
Bake 40 to 45 minutes, or until bubbling. Cool in pan on wire rack. Lift out bars; cut into 16 pieces.


2 c. all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
2 c. mashed very ripe bananas
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. butter
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light brown sugar
2 large eggs
2 oz. semisweet chocolate
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In medium bowl, whisk flour, baking soda, and salt. In another medium bowl, mix bananas and vanilla.
In bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat butter and sugars 3 minutes, or until fluffy. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time. With mixer on low, add flour mixture alternately with banana mixture, starting and ending with flour. Divide among 6 disposable mini (1/4-pound) loaf pans.
Bake breads 30 to 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire rack.
Drizzle with chocolate; let set.


1 lb. confectioners' sugar
¾ c. unsweetened cocoa
½ tsp. salt
4 large egg whites
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. semisweet or bittersweet chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper; lightly coat with nonstick cooking spray.
In large bowl, whisk confectioners' sugar, cocoa, and salt. Add egg whites and vanilla and beat with wooden spoon until smooth. Fold in chocolate chips. Set dough aside 5 minutes. If your batter is too runny, cover and refrigerate 10 minutes or until slightly thickened.
Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls, 2 inches apart, onto prepared cookie sheet. Bake 13 to 15 minutes, or until set and crackly. Let cool on cookie sheets 3 minutes; then, with spatula, carefully transfer to wire racks to cool completely.


1 c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. whole milk
2 can evaporated milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 stick cinnamon
6  star anise pods
2 tsp. lime zest
2 large eggs
6 large egg yolks
1 can sweetened condensed milk
In a small, heavy-based saucepan, combine the sugar and 1/4 cup water. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, and cook until the liquid turns a light caramel color, carefully swirling the pan every few minutes to avoid crystals forming, about 8 minutes. Pour the caramel into a 9- by 2-inch round cake pan or 8- by 4-inch loaf pan, and swirl to coat the bottom and up the sides. Let cool. Place the cake pan into a 3-inch-deep baking pan.
In a medium saucepan, combine the whole milk, evaporated milk, and vanilla. Add the cinnamon, star anise, and lime zest and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Lower the heat and simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Strain the mixture into a bowl and discard the solids. Cover with plastic wrap and let cool, 15 minutes.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs and egg yolks while gradually adding the condensed milk. Add the cooled evaporated milk mixture and stir gently until well incorporated. Place the prepared baking pan on the middle oven rack. Pour the milk mixture into the cake pan. Pour hot water into the baking pan to come halfway up the sides of the cake pan. Bake until just set, 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature. Chill in the refrigerator, in the pan, for at least 3 hours before serving. Using a knife, loosen the flan around the edges and turn out onto a plate.


unsalted butter
1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
1 pinch kosher salt
1 c. granulated sugar
½ c. sour cream
3 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. poppy seeds
½ c. canola oil
Heat oven to 350 degrees F and place a rack in the center of the oven. Butter an 8 1/2- by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan and place the pan on a baking sheet.
In a bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, sour cream, eggs, and vanilla. Gently whisk in the poppy seeds, then the flour mixture.
Using a rubber spatula, fold in the oil. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and smooth the top. Bake until a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes.
Transfer the pan to a cooling rack and let cool for 5 minutes. Run a knife between the cake and the sides of the pan to loosen, then turn the cake out onto the rack and let cool (right-side up) completely.


oil
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
kosher salt
½ c. unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
½ tsp. vanilla extract
¾ c. whole milk
Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and oil a 12-hole muffin pan.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and 1/4 teaspoon salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to medium and add the eggs, one at a time, beating each until incorporated before adding the next. Beat in the vanilla.
Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the milk and beating just until incorporated.
Divide the batter between the muffin holes (about 1/4 cup per hole) and bake until a wooden pick, inserted into the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


1 lb. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. meringue powder
½ c. water
Gel-paste food coloring in colors such as violet, lemon yellow, soft pink, or leaf green (
Combine sugar, meringue powder, and water in the bowl of a mixer. Beat on medium speed until smooth, about 4 minutes. (If icing is too thick, add more water, 1 teaspoon at a time.)
Divide icing into batches, and mix in a different shade of food coloring to each to tint.


2 stick unsalted butter
¾ c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. finely grated lemon zest
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 c. all-purpose flour
salt

poppy seeds
Make the cookies:
Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface, and roll out to a scant 1/4-inch thickness. Cut out about 18 cookies using 2 sizes of flower cookie cutters (one 3-inch and one 3 3/4-inch;
Bake until edges just start to brown, 14 to 18 minutes. Let cool completely.
Decorate the cookies:
Once cookies are set, pipe a large dot in the center of each cookie using the same tinted icing as the small dots. Gently sprinkle poppy seeds around large dot. Let dry completely.


½ c. unsalted butter
1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 c. sugar
2 large eggs
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. whole milk
1 lb. strawberries
1 tsp. unflavored gelatin
1½ c. heavy cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom of an 8-inch round cake pan, and line it with parchment paper. Butter and flour the paper and sides of the pan. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt; set aside.
Using an electric mixer on high speed, beat the butter and 1/2 cup of sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the eggs and yolks, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla. With the mixer on low, alternately add the flour mixture in 3 parts and the milk in 2, beginning and ending with the flour mixture; mix just until combined. Spread the batter in the prepared pan.
Bake the cake until a toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan for 10 minutes then invert it onto a wire rack to cool completely. Using a serrated knife, split the cake in half horizontally and place the bottom half, cut side up, on a serving plate.
Make the topping: In a large bowl, combine the strawberries and 1/4 cup of sugar; set aside. Place 2 tablespoons of cold water in a small saucepan, and sprinkle it with gelatin. Let the gelatin soften for 5 minutes. Place the saucepan over very low heat, and stir until the gelatin is dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and let it cool.
Using an electric mixer, beat the cream and the remaining 1/4 cup sugar in a large bowl until very soft peaks form. Continue to beat the cream and gradually add the gelatin mixture. Beat until soft peaks form.
Arrange half of the strawberries over the bottom cake layer then top them with half of the whipped cream, leaving a 1-inch border. Cover with the top half of cake, cut side down. Top the cake with the remaining whipped cream, leaving a 1-inch border. Refrigerate the cake and remaining strawberries separately, at least 1 hour (or up to 1 day). Just before serving, spoon the remaining strawberries over the cake.


½ c. unsalted pistachios
8 oz. strawberries
½ c. sugar
3 large egg yolks
1½ c. heavy cream
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Line a standard 5-by-9-inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving a 2-inch overhang on all sides. Pulse the pistachios in a food processor until coarsely chopped (some will break down to a coarse grind). Transfer the pistachios to a small bowl but do not wipe the food processor clean. Place the strawberries and 3 tablespoons of sugar in the food processor and puree until smooth. Transfer the puree to a fine sieve set over a bowl. Stir the puree, pressing on the solids to extract as much liquid as possible; discard the solids.
Combine the egg yolks and remaining 1/2 cup of sugar in a bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Beat the yolks on high speed (or vigorously by hand) until they are pale yellow and tripled in volume, about 3 minutes. Transfer the bowl to a larger bowl of ice water and stir until the mixture is very thick and cool, about 3 minutes.
Beat the cream and vanilla in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Whisk 1/3 of the whipped cream into the egg mixture, whisking until smooth, then fold the egg mixture into the remaining cream with a rubber spatula, just until thoroughly incorporated.
Pour 1/2 of the cream mixture into the strawberry puree. Gently fold it together until thoroughly incorporated, then pour it into loaf pan and smooth the top. Fold the pistachios into the remaining cream mixture and pour it evenly over the strawberry cream; smooth the top. Fold plastic wrap over the surface and freeze at least 12 hours (and up to 3 days). To serve, peel the plastic from the surface and invert the pan onto a cutting board. Unmold the semifreddo, remove the plastic, and cut crosswise into 3/4-inch-thick slices.


all-purpose flour
2  sheets of frozen puff pastry
⅔ c. strawberry jam
1 large egg yolk
1 tbsp. lemon juice
⅓ c. confectioners' sugar
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the puff pastry sheets to 1/8 inch thick. Cut each sheet into quarters and place the pieces on a parchment-lined, rimmed baking sheet. Spoon 1 heaping tablespoon of jam into the center of each piece, brush the edges with egg yolk, fold into triangles, and press tightly to seal. Freeze the pies until firm, about 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the pies until golden and puffed, 20 to 25 minutes. Let the pies cool completely on the baking pan on a wire rack. Whisk the lemon juice and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Drizzle the glaze over the cooled pies and let it set for 20 minutes.


½ stick cold unsalted butter
½ c. light-brown sugar
⅓ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. old-fashioned rolled oats
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
.13 tsp. Coarse salt
2 oz. pine nuts
4  apricots
12 oz. strawberries
½ c. sugar
2 tsp. fresh lemon juice
1 tsp. cornstarch
1 pinch salt
1 pt. strawberry ice cream
Combine all the crumble ingredients in a medium bowl and massage together with your fingers until the butter is incorporated and the mixture forms small clumps. Refrigerate until the mixture is cold, at least 30 minutes and up to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 1/2-inch shallow round baking dish or pie plate. Combine all the filling ingredients in another medium bowl. Transfer the filling to the baking dish and top with the crumble. Bake until bubbling in the center and the crumble is browned, about 40 minutes. Let the crisp cool at least 20 minutes.
Serve the crisp warm (or at room temperature) with ice cream.


12
2 tbsp. cornstarch
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
.13 tsp. kosher salt
1½ c. whole milk
1 c. heavy cream
4 large egg yolks
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. bittersweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp. light corn syrup
In a medium heavy-bottomed pan, whisk together the cornstarch, sugar, and salt. Whisk in the milk, 1/2 cup cream, then the egg yolks. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook, whisking constantly, for 5 minutes. Whisk in the vanilla.
Transfer the pudding to a small bowl. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the pudding and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour and up to 3 days. Whisk before using.
In a microwave-safe measuring cup, combine the chocolate, corn syrup, and the remaining 1/2 cup cream. Cook on high for 1 minute. Stir the mixture, then continue cooking in 15-second intervals until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Use immediately or refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days. Reheat in the microwave before using.
To assemble, cut each cupcake in half crosswise. Spoon some of the pudding on the bottom half of each cake (about 2 1/2 tablespoons each); sandwich with the top of the cupcakes. Spoon the chocolate over the top (about 1 1/2 tablespoons each).


Cooking spray
2 large egg whites
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 c. sweetened flaked coconut
1½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. cornstarch
½ tsp. kosher salt
4 large egg yolks
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
1 c. fresh lemon juice
4 large egg whites
½ c. granulated sugar
½ tsp. cream of tartar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Coat an 8-inch square pan with cooking spray. Line the pan with parchment paper, leaving a 3-inch overhang on two sides. Spray the paper.
Make the crust: In a medium bowl, beat the egg whites and sugar until frothy; mix in the coconut. Spread the mixture into the prepared pan and bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, make the lemon curd: In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, flour, cornstarch, and salt. Add the egg yolks, lemon zest, and juice and whisk to combine. Spread over the crust and bake until set, 25 to 35 minutes. Let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until chilled, at least 3 hours or up to overnight.
Just before serving, make the marshmallow frosting: In a large metal or glass bowl, whisk together the reserved egg whites, sugar, and cream of tartar. Set the bowl over (but not in) a saucepan of simmering water and cook, whisking constantly, until the sugar is dissolved and the whites are very warm to the touch, 3 to 4 minutes.
Remove from heat and, using an electric mixer, beat on low speed, gradually increasing to high, until soft, glossy peaks form, about 5 minutes. Beat in the vanilla.
Spoon the frosting over the lemon curd, gently spreading to cover. Using the overhangs, transfer to a cutting board and cut into 2-inch squares.


2¾ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. fine Earl Grey tea leaves (we used 8 Twinings tea bags)
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. grated orange zest
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, tea leaves, baking powder, and salt.
In a food processor, process the butter and sugar until smooth. Add the egg and orange zest and pulse to combine. Add the flour mixture and pulse to combine.
Transfer the mixture to a lightly floured surface and roll into two logs, about 2 inch in diameter. Wrap each in plastic wrap, tightly twisting the ends, and chill for at least 30 minutes.
Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line large baking sheets with parchment paper. Slice the cookies 1/8 inch thick and place on the prepared baking sheet, spacing them 1 inch apart.
Bake, rotating the sheets halfway through, until the cookies are lightly golden brown around the edges, 14 to 16 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.


3⅓ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. salt
1 lb. unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
9 large eggs
Fresh edible flowers
12 oz. unsalted butter
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard muffin tins with paper liners. Whisk together the flour and salt.
Cream the butter and sugar with a mixer until pale and fluffy. Reduce the speed to medium, and add the vanilla. Add the eggs in 4 batches, beating well after each addition. Reduce the speed to low, add the flour mixture in 4 batches, and beat until completely incorporated.
Divide the batter among the muffin cups, filling each 3/4 full. Tap the tins on the countertop once to distribute the batter evenly. Bake the cupcakes, rotating the tins halfway through, until a cake tester inserted in the centers comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer the tins to wire racks to cool for 10 minutes then transfer the cupcakes directly to the racks to cool completely. The cupcakes will keep, covered, at room temperature, for up to 2 days.
Make the buttercream: Beat the butter with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and creamy, about 2 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium and add the sugar, 1/2 cup at a time, beating after each addition, about 5 minutes. (After every 2 additions, increase the speed to high, and beat for 10 seconds, then reduce the speed to medium-high). Add the vanilla, and beat until the buttercream is smooth. (If you're not using the buttercream immediately, you can cover it and refrigerate for up to 3 days. Simply bring the buttercream to room temperature, and beat on low speed until smooth, before using.)
Decorate the cupcakes: Frost the cupcakes with a generous layer of buttercream, and top each with a few edible flowers. Serve immediately.


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together into a bowl. Beat the butter and sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy. Beat in the egg and vanilla then reduce the speed to low. With the machine running, gradually add the flour mixture and mix until combined. Shape the dough into a disk, and wrap it in plastic. Refrigerate the dough until firm, at least 45 minutes (or up to 3 days).
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and roll it out, 1/8 inch thick. Cut the cookies with a 5-inch-tall, bunny-shaped cookie cutter then space them 2 inches apart on parchment-lined baking sheets. Re-roll the scraps, and cut out a second time. Refrigerate the cookies until firm, about 15 minutes.
Bake the cookies until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Let them cool completely on sheets on wire racks. The cookies can be stored in airtight containers at room temperature for up to 1 week.


4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. Coarse salt
2 stick unsalted butter
2 c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Sanding sugar
1 lb. confectioners’ sugar
¼ c. meringue powder
½ c. water

Make the cookies: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
Beat the butter and granulated sugar with a mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time. Reduce the speed to low, add the flour mixture, and beat until combined. Add the vanilla. Wrap the dough in plastic, and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Roll out the dough to 1/8-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut out egg shapes with a 2 1/2-inch
Make the royal icing: Combine the sugar, meringue powder, and water in the bowl of a mixer. Beat on medium speed until smooth, about 4 minutes. (If the icing is too thick, add more water, 1 teaspoon at a time.)
Divide the icing into batches and tint each by mixing in a different shade of food coloring.
Decorate the cookies: Using a pastry bag fitted with a 1/8-inch tip and filled with royal icing, decorate the cookies as desired. Sprinkle with sanding sugar, if using, while the icing is wet. If you're adding dots or stripes to your cookies, let the base layer of icing dry first.


1 package JELL-O Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1½ c. cold milk
1½ c. thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
1 package prepared angel food cake
2 oz. BAKER'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate
Beat pudding mix and milk in medium bowl with whisk 2 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup COOL WHIP.
Stack cake layers on plate, spreading pudding mixture between layers.
Microwave chocolate and remaining COOL WHIP in microwaveable bowl on high 30 seconds; stir until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is well blended. Spoon over cake. Refrigerate 1 hour.


1 package yellow cake mix
2⅔ c. BAKER'S Angel Flake Coconut
1¼ c. cold milk
1 package JELL-O Coconut Cream Flavor Instant Pudding
1 package JELL-O Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
¼ c. powdered sugar
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Prepare cake batter and bake as directed on package for 2 (9-inch) round layers, stirring 2/3 cup coconut, 1/4 cup milk, and dry coconut pudding mix into batter before pouring into prepared pans. Cool cakes in pans 10 minutes. Remove from pans to wire racks; cool completely.
Meanwhile, beat dry vanilla pudding mix, sugar, and remaining milk in large bowl with whisk 2 minutes. (Pudding will be thick.) Stir in COOL WHIP. Refrigerate until ready to assemble cake.
Stack cake layers on plate, filling with layers of 1 cup of the pudding mixture and 3/4 cup of the remaining coconut. Frost top and side of cake with remaining pudding mixture. Press remaining coconut into pudding mixture. Refrigerate 1 hour.


1 can DOLE Crushed Pineapple
1 package JELL-O Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1 c. thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
1 package round angel food cake
10  fresh strawberries
Mix pineapple and dry pudding. Gently stir in COOL WHIP.
Stack cake layers on plate, spreading pudding mixture between layers and on top of cake.
Refrigerate 1 hour. Top with berries.


1 package white cake mix
1 c. boiling water
1 package JELL-O Strawberry Flavor Gelatin
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
A few drops food coloring
24  JET-PUFFED Marshmallows
24  JET-PUFFED Miniature Marshmallows
¼ c. colored sugar
Prepare cake batter and bake as directed on package for 24 cupcakes; cool completely in pan. Pierce cupcakes with wooden skewer or large fork at 1/4-inch intervals.
Add boiling water to gelatin mix; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Spoon over cupcakes, adding about 2 teaspoons to each. Refrigerate 3 hours.
Tint COOL WHIP with food coloring; spread onto cupcakes.
Cut each large marshmallow crosswise into 5 pieces with kitchen shears. Arrange 5 on top of each cupcake to resemble flower. Place 1 miniature marshmallow in center of each. Sprinkle with sugar.


1¼ c. boiling water (do not add cold water)
1 package JELL-O gelatin
Spray inside Spring JELL-O Jigglers Molds with cooking spray. Place molds, fill-side up, on tray.
Add water to gelatin mix; stir 3 min. until completely dissolved. Pour into molds. Refrigerate 3 hours or until firm.
Dip bottom of molds in warm water 15 sec.; invert onto plate. Shake mold gently to remove Jigglers. Keep refrigerated.


2  round white cake layers
2 c. boiling water
1 package JELL-O Lemon Flavor Gelatin
1 package JELL-O Lemon Flavor Instant Pudding
1 c. cold milk
3 c. thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
Place cake layers, top-sides up, in 2 clean 9-inch round pans. Pierce cakes with large fork at 1/2-inch intervals.
Add boiling water to gelatin mix; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Carefully pour over cake layers. Refrigerate 3 hours.
Beat pudding mix and milk in large bowl with whisk 2 minutes; stir in COOL WHIP. Dip 1 cake pan in warm water 10 seconds; unmold onto plate. Spread with about 1 cup pudding mixture. Unmold second cake layer; carefully place on first cake layer. Frost top and side of cake with remaining pudding mixture. Refrigerate 1 hour.


3 oz. BAKER’S Semi-Sweet Chocolate
¼ c. canned sweetened condensed milk
1  Oreo pie crust
½ c. chopped PLANTER’S Pecans
2 package JELL-O Chocolate Instant Pudding
2 c. cold 2-percent milk
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
Mix chocolate and condensed milk; pour into crust. Sprinkle with nuts.
Beat pudding mixes and 2-percent milk with whisk 2 minutes; spoon 1 1/2 cups over nuts. Stir half the COOL WHIP into remaining pudding; spread over pudding layer in crust.
Top with remaining COOL WHIP. Refrigerate 3 hours.


1 package JELL-O Vanilla Flavor
1¾ c. cold milk
¼ c. PLANTERS Creamy Peanut Butter
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
24  HONEY MAID Honey Grahams
1½ package BAKER’S Semi-Sweet Chocolate (6 ounces total)
1 tbsp. butter
Beat pudding mix and milk in large bowl with whisk 2 minutes. Add peanut butter; mix well. Stir in COOL WHIP. Layer 1/3 of the grahams and half of the pudding mixture in 13- by 9-inch dish, breaking grahams as necessary to fit. Repeat layers. Top with remaining grahams.
Microwave chocolate and butter in microwaveable bowl on high 2 minutes, or until butter is melted, stirring after 1 minute. Stir until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is well blended. Spread over grahams.
Refrigerate 8 hours.


35  Reduced Fat NILLA Wafers
¼ c. margarine
1 package PHILADELPHIA Neufchatel Cheese
½ c. powdered sugar
1 tub COOL WHIP Sugar Free Whipped Topping
3  bananas
2 package JELL-O Vanilla Flavor Fat Free Sugar Free Instant Pudding
3 c. cold fat-free milk
½ oz. BAKER'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate
Mix wafer crumbs and margarine; press onto bottom of 13- by 9-inch dish. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Beat Neufchatel and sugar in medium bowl with whisk until blended. Stir in 1 1/2 cups COOL WHIP; spread over crust. Top with bananas.
Beat pudding mixes and milk with whisk 2 minutes; spread over bananas. Top with remaining COOL WHIP and chocolate. Refrigerate 3 hours.


3  recipes
2  recipes
Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple gel food coloring
1 c. sugar
Combine the sugar with 1 cup of water in a saucepan and bring it to a boil. Stir occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, then cool the simple syrup to room temperature.
Bake 2 recipes of
Prepare the
Using an offset spatula, cover the top of 1 layer in a thin coat of 1/4 to 1/2 cup of buttercream and top with another layer. Repeat with the 2 remaining cake layers. You now have two 2-layer cakes. Refrigerate the cakes for 4 hours (or overnight) or freeze them for at least 1 hour.
Make the batter for the third recipe of white cake. Divide the batter among 6 bowls, about 1/2 cup to 3/4 cup batter per bowl. Add 4 to 6 drops of food coloring to each bowl to make batter in each shade: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple. (You can always modify the recipe to have 7 layers if you’re a purist and want to see indigo in there!)
Bake each color in a 6-inch cake pan, working in batches depending on how many pans you have. Bake for just 10 to 12 minutes.
Set the colored cakes aside to cool, then remove them from the pans. Stack the layers with parchment between them. Start with red on the bottom: Weight can often flatten cakes a bit, so at this stage, stack them in the opposite order they’ll appear in the cake. Freeze the stack for about 30 minutes, or until firm but not fully frozen.
When you’re ready to begin carving, remove the 2-layer cakes from the freezer. Remove the rainbow layers from the freezer, turn them red layer up, and measure the stack to determine its height. The total height of my rainbow stack is about 4 inches. That means I need to carve down approximately 2 inches into each layer cake. After you've measured, place the rainbow stack back in the refrigerator or freezer.
Place a 3-inch cookie cutter in the center of each 2-layer cake and gently press down enough
to make a shallow guideline.  Start on the bottom of the cake (or the V part of the heart). Mark a toothpick or skewer at 2 inches and press it into the center of the cake just to the 2-inch mark. Insert a thin, sharp knife at the guideline at about a 45-degree angle; you should feel the bottom of the toothpick with the knife. Cut around the perimeter of the circle. Remove the cone shape and put this layer cake back into the refrigerator or freezer.
Insert the marked toothpick or skewer into the center of the second 2-layer cake to the 2-inch mark. At a 45-degree angle, insert the knife at the guideline again, but almost vertically. You’re trying to make a valley with a raised point in the center; this is the top of the heart. Move the knife in around the cake in one smooth motion, making sure your knife goes in only about 2 inches deep.
Then, insert the knife at a 45-degree angle into cake closer to the center of the cake with the tip of the knife pointed away from the skewer. In one smooth motion, cut an even inner circle to make a channel, cutting only about 2 inches deep. Remove the section you’ve carved out. (Put the layer cake back in the fridge or freezer if it’s at all crumbly; it needs to be very chilled.) Using a soupspoon, carve around the channel to make a smooth, rounded top to the heart. Remember to carve out a bit of the “wall” of the heart, but stay within the guideline so that the top and bottom halves will match up nicely. If your cake feels too soft or crumbly, just place it in the freezer for a bit.
Remove the rainbow layers from the refrigerator and have ready the simple syrup and a glazing brush. Place the red layer next to the cake with the channel cut from it. Eyeball where the center is and cut a circle from the red layer. Use the 4-inch cutter to trim around the edges to be sure it will fit the cavity of the cake. Carefully place the red layer into the cavity. If it doesn’t fit, remove it and make the necessary cuts and adjustments. A very chilled cake will allow you to handle it with less risk of breaking. Once the red layer fits snugly, gently brush it with no more than 1 tablespoon of simple syrup.
Now set the orange cake layer next to the cake. Estimate how much you’ll need to trim from around the edges and to remove from the center so that it fits snugly in the cavity. This can be a rough estimate — it doesn’t need to be perfect. Make the cuts and adjustments, then gently place the orange layer into the cake and brush it with simple syrup.
Next, lay in the yellow layer, which will only need to be trimmed around the edges. Set this cake in the refrigerator or freezer and bring out the other 2-layer cake.
Lay out the purple layer. Roughly estimate the size of the bottom third of the cavity where the cone was removed; a small cone of purple cake goes there. Insert the knife at a 45-degree angle and cut out a small cone from the purple cake. Insert the purple cone into the cavity of the white cake. If you’ve miscalculated the size of the purple cone, go back and make another — you have plenty of cake! Brush with a thin layer of simple syrup.
Repeat with the blue layer; making the circle slightly larger. Brush with a thin layer of simple syrup.
Finally, trim off the edges of the green layer so that it fits snugly on top of the blue layer.
Spread a thin layer of buttercream around the top perimeter of the white cake, avoiding the green cake. Remove the other cake from the refrigerator, invert it, and carefully place it on top so that the yellow layer meets the green layer. Freeze the cake for at least 2 hours. Don’t skip this step! It’s important to make sure those individual layers inside really bond together.
Cover the cake in a crumb coat (a thin, even layer of frosting meant to seal in any loose crumbs). Place the cake in the refrigerator for about an hour to set before covering it in a smooth coating of buttercream. Decorate the cake in buttercream roses and chill until serving.


3 c. cake flour
½ tsp. salt
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 c. unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
1 c. milk
1¼ tsp. clear vanilla extract
¼ tsp. almond extract
5 large egg whites
Set a rack in the center of the oven, then preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Spray two 8-inch, round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray.
Sift together the cake flour, salt, and baking powder into a large bowl and set it aside.
In a standing mixer using the paddle attachment, or in a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed for about 2 minutes, or until light and fluffy.
In a large measuring cup, combine the milk, vanilla, and almond.
Add 1/3 of the flour mixture to the butter mixture and blend on a low speed for about 30 seconds. Add 1/2 of the milk mixture and blend until just combined. Add in 1/2 of the remaining flour mixture and blend until just combined. Add the remaining milk mixture, blend for a few seconds, then the remaining flour mixture and blend at low speed until the ingredients are just incorporated.
Pour the batter into a large bowl and clean the stand mixer bowl. Switch to the whisk attachment.
Add the egg whites and beat them on medium to medium-high speed until firm peaks form. (When the whisk is held sideways, the peaks will hold and the ridges will be distinct. It’s okay if the tips of the peaks fold back on themselves.) Then gently fold the egg whites into the cake batter.
Transfer the batter to the prepared cake pans. Place the cakes on the center rack of the oven and bake them for 20 to 26 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let the pans cool for 5 to 10 minutes. Carefully remove cakes and set them on wire racks until they reach room temperature.


1  recipe
½  recipe
1 recipe
½  recipe
White, yellow, sky blue, and green gel food coloring
Baking
Bake the white cake in a 9 by 13-inch pan. Cool to room temperature.
Making the Surprise
Level the chocolate cakes.
Center the 3-inch round cookie cutter on top of one cake layer and gently press down to make a guideline. Repeat with the other cake layer.
Using a small spoon (I got out my favorite silver baby spoon), insert it at a 45-degree angle and cut 1 inch deep just inside (but not cutting into) the guideline. Work your way around the cake, carving out small sections at a time until you have an even well with an island in the center. Clear out all the crumbs and extra cake.
Next, carve out the bottom petal. Using a small, sharp knife, cut out a small circle in the island at the center of the cavity. Remove all the crumbs.
Repeat the carving on the second chocolate layer so that the two layers match.
Use about 1/4 of the white cake to make a white cake mixture. Break the cake into crumbs in a large bowl and mix in 1 scant tablespoon of buttercream until the mixture is the consistency of Play-Doh. Add 1 or 2 drops of white food coloring if needed.
To fill in the cavities in the chocolate layers, roll out 2 small balls of white cake mixture for the centers and “snakes” as needed to fill the outside rims.
Gently press a ball into the center of the first cake layer and snakes into the outside rim.
Crumble 1/4 cup of the white cake into a bowl, mix in 1 small teaspoon of buttercream, and add 1 or 2 drops of yellow food coloring. Roll this cake mixture into a ball and place the ball in the center of the white cake mixture. Build up white cake mixture around the ball.
Fill the other chocolate layer with white cake mixture. Create a small well where the top of the yellow ball will fit. Go back in and fill any open areas with the white cake mixture.
Make the chocolate buttercream. Using the offset spatula, spread a thin layer around the top of the chocolate part of one layer, being careful not to get any frosting on the white or yellow cake mixture. Gently turn over the other cake and lay it on top of the first so that the white petals meet in the middle.
Set the cake on a cake stand and cover it in a crumb coat. Chill for at least 1 hour.
Frosting and Decorating
Cover the exterior of the cake in a smooth layer of sky blue buttercream.
Insert a number 2 decorating tip into a pastry bag and fill it with the green buttercream. Go around the base of the cake and pipe out the words “Oh Happy Day!” (or whatever phrase you like!) over and over again. To create the effect of grass, simply pipe stacks of the same letter. Above the A write four more As; above the Y write two more Ys; and so on. Go around the entire cake and vary the heights of the letter stacks.
Insert a number 3 tip into a pastry bag and fill it with white buttercream. Pipe out six-petal daisies all around the sides of the cake. If you created a smooth top, you can put them on top as well. I left the top of my cake rough.
Insert a number 4 tip into a pastry bag and fill it with the yellow buttercream. Place a dot in the center of each flower.
Chill the cake until serving.


½ c. unsalted butter
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. good-quality vanilla extract
4 to 5 c. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. milk
In a stand mixer using the paddle attachment, or in a large bowl, cream the butter, cocoa, and vanilla at medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the confectioners' sugar 1 cup at a time, adding in milk whenever the frosting gets too stiff or the mixer starts to struggle. After 4 cups of sugar have been added, add the rest of the milk and mix until the frosting is smooth and silky (about 2 minutes). For a stiffer consistency, add more confectioners' sugar, 1/4 cup at a time. If the frosting gets too stiff, add in more milk, 1 tablespoon at a time.


¾ c. unsweetened cocoa
1½ c. sugar
1½ c. cake flour
1 tsp. baking soda
pinch of salt
2 large eggs
1 c. sour cream
2 tsp. good quality vanilla extract
½ c. hot coffee or water
1 c. milk chocolate
Set a rack in the center of the oven, then preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare two 8-inch round cake pans.
In a standing mixer, using a paddle attachment, blend the cocoa, sugar, cake flour, baking soda, and salt on a low speed for 30 seconds.
Add the eggs, sour cream, and vanilla and mix for 1 minute on medium-low speed.
Remove the bowl from the mixer and add the coffee and chocolate. (Be sure to finely chop the chocolate, as large chunks may not melt during baking.) Stir by hand until the ingredients are fully incorporated.
For the batter into the prepared pans and bake the cakes for 28 to 32 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cakes come out clean. Let the pans cool for 5 to 10 minutes. Carefully remove the cakes and set them on wire racks until they reach room temperature.


1 c. whole-wheat flour
½ c. packed light brown sugar
½ c. rolled oats
¼ c. chopped raw almonds
½ tsp. kosher salt
¼ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
1½ stick unsalted butter
2 lb. fresh or frozen cherries
½ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. balsamic vinegar
1  vanilla bean
1  firm Bartlett pear
vanilla ice cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk the flour with the brown sugar, oats, almonds, salt, and nutmeg. Using your fingers, work in the butter until large crumbs begin to form. Press the streusel into small clumps and refrigerate until chilled, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large ovenproof skillet, combine the cherries, granulated sugar, vinegar, and the vanilla bean and seeds. Cook over moderate heat, stirring, until the juices are bubbling, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the grated pear and let cool completely; discard the vanilla bean.
Scatter the streusel evenly over the cherries. Bake for about 1 hour, until the topping is golden and the cherries are bubbling. Let cool slightly. Serve with vanilla ice cream.


4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
Coarse salt
2 stick unsalted butter
2 c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Fine sanding sugar
Make the cookies: Sift the flour, baking powder, and 1/2 teaspoon of salt into a large bowl.
Beat the butter and granulated sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, 1 at a time. Reduce the speed to low. Add the flour mixture, then the vanilla. Refrigerate the dough, wrapped in plastic wrap, for at least 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Roll out the dough to a scant 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut out the cookies using a 5-inch
Decorate the cookies: Transfer icing to a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip. Pipe an outline of icing around the edges, then "flood" each cookie with more icing to cover. Sprinkle the cookie with sanding sugar. Let the cookies dry completely before tying a pink or blue ribbon around each lamb's neck, if desired.


12 oz. linguine
2 tbsp. olive oil
2 clove garlic
¾ c. dry white wine
1 lb. peeled and deveined large shrimp
Kosher salt and pepper
⅓ c. small sweet red cherry peppers (such as Peppadew)
4 c. baby arugula
Cook the linguine according to package directions. Reserve ¼ cup of the cooking liquid; drain the pasta and
return it to the pot.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until light golden brown, about 1 minute. Add the wine and bring to a simmer.
Season the shrimp with ¼ tsp each salt and pepper, add to the skillet along with the cherry peppers, and cook, turning the shrimp once, until they are opaque throughout, about 2 minutes per side.
Toss the pasta with the shrimp mixture and arugula (add the reserved cooking liquid, 1 Tbsp at a time, if the pasta seems dry).


2¼ c. heavy cream
⅔ c. sugar
2 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
½ c. lemon juice
kosher salt
½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. water
2  Granny Smith apples
2 tbsp. fresh orange juice
1  vanilla bean
1 tbsp. Calvados or apple brandy
2 tsp. lemon juice
1 tsp. finely grated orange zest
salt
Make the pudding:
Meanwhile, cook the compote:
Serve the puddings topped with the apple compote.


½ c. candied and dried fruits
3 tbsp. kirsch (cherry brandy)
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
⅓ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
3½ tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 c. whole milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
5 large eggs
confectioners' sugar
In a bowl, soak the fruits in the kirsch for 30 minutes or overnight. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease a 1-quart soufflé dish with butter and dust with 2 tablespoons of the sugar; refrigerate. In a saucepan, melt the 3 tablespoons of butter over moderate heat. Whisk in the flour to form a paste and cook, whisking, for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk, bring to a boil and cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, 1 minute. Remove the béchamel from the heat, then whisk in the vanilla and remaining 1/3 cup of sugar. Whisk in 4 egg yolks; reserve the remaining yolk for another use.
In a clean bowl, beat the whites until firm peaks form; whisk one-third into the béchamel, then fold in the remaining whites. Fold in the fruit and kirsch; scrape into the dish. Bake for 25 minutes, until puffed and lightly golden. Dust with confectioners' sugar and serve.


2  recipes
1  recipe
4 c. powdered sugar
½ c. milk
2 tbsp. light corn syrup
pink gel food coloring
Bake 1
Cool the layers to room temperature. Remove them from the pans and place each on a sheet of parchment paper. Stack the cakes and wrap them in plastic wrap. Freeze for no less than 6 hours, preferably overnight.
Remove the cakes from the freezer, but leave them covered in plastic wrap until ready to use. Bake the second white cake recipe in a 9- by 13-inch cake pan.
Level the cakes if needed.
Make the
Sift the powdered sugar to remove any lumps. Mix it in a bowl, along with the milk, corn syrup, and 2-3 drops of pink gel food coloring, until combined. Add more milk as needed to achieve the desired consistency.  Set the glaze aside.
Center a 2-inch cookie cutter on top of one layer and gently press down to create a guideline. Repeat on the second round layer.
Insert a small, thin knife about 1 inch into the center of your cake at a 45-degree angle. Cut around the cake as far as the guideline. Remove the excess cake and crumbs.
Using a small spoon or dull knife, start carving around under the guideline, pushing the spoon slightly under the line and keeping a peak in the middle. This is the “small wing,” or lower portion, of the butterfly and thus the bottom of the cake.
Repeat these cuts on the other round layer, only make the cavity wider and slightly deeper. This is the "large wing," or top, layer.
Make a cake mixture using the 9- by 13-inch cake by removing any dark or hard spots from the cake, crumbling 3/4 of it into a large bowl, and mixing in 3 to 6 tablespoons of buttercream and 2 to 4 drops of pink gel food coloring. To add eyes to the large wings, crumble the remaining cake into a medium bowl and mix in 1 to 2 tablespoons of buttercream.
To get the dark rim you see on the lower wings, pour 1/4 cup of the pink glaze into the well of the bottom layer of the cake. Set the cake aside so the glaze can settle evenly.
Roll a small piece of the pink cake mixture into a snake. Softly flatten the snake in your hand and gently press it into the sides of the "large wing" (top) layer and up the center point. Repeat with more pink cake mixture so that the hole and point are covered in a layer of pink. Repeat with the second layer, taking care not to disturb the pink glaze.
Roll a small piece of the white cake mixture into a snake about 1 inch thick. Tuck the snake into the "large wing" (top) cake layer. Then go back and fill in the open areas of both layers with pink cake mixture.
Place a thin layer of white buttercream around the top outside rim of the “small wing” (bottom) layer, taking care not to get any frosting on the pink part, then transfer the bottom layer onto a cake stand. Gently turn over the "large wing" (top) layer and place it on top. Freeze the cake for at least 1 hour, then cover it in a crumb coat (a thin, even layer of buttercream meant to seal in any loose crumbs).
Tint the remaining buttercream pink (except for a tiny bit for the butterfly) and cover the cake in a smooth coat of pink buttercream. Using a #104 tip, pipe out a white butterfly (4 wings) to sit on the edge of the cake. Or add more butterflies for more impact! Chill the cake until serving.


½ c. apple juice
½ c. rice vinegar
½ c. dark brown sugar
1 tsp. garam masala
Finely grated zest of 1 lemon
1 piece refrigerated piecrust dough
2  Granny Smith apples
1 tbsp. lemon juice
1 tsp. chopped fresh thyme
⅓ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
In a small saucepan, combine 1 cup of water, the apple juice, rice vinegar, brown sugar, and garam masala and cook over medium heat until syrupy, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon zest.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Press the dough into a 9-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. In a medium bowl, toss the sliced apples with the lemon juice and thyme. Arrange slices in a single layer in the prepared tart pan. Sprinkle sugar over the apples and dot with butter. Bake in the center of the oven until golden, about 50 minutes. Carefully brush the apples with syrup and bake until glazed, about 15 minutes more. Let the tart cool slightly. Cut into wedges and serve with the remaining syrup.


½ c. unsalted butter
½ c. shortening
2 tsp. good quality vanilla extract
1 dash salt
1 bag confectioners’ sugar
¼ c. heavy cream
Combine the butter, shortening, vanilla, and salt in a standing mixer using the paddle attachment
(or in a large bowl with a hand mixer). Add the confectioners’ sugar 1 cup at a time, alternating with the milk or heavy cream, and blend until you have used it all. If the frosting is too thick, add more milk. If it is too thin, add more confectioners’ sugar.


1 c. finely chopped walnuts
3 tbsp. honey
Pinch of coarse salt
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine walnuts, honey, and salt in a bowl. Toss to coat, and spread in a single layer onto a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake, tossing occasionally, until toasted, about 15 minutes. Let cool.


1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ c. chocolate sprinkles and/or rainbow jimmies
Coat a large shallow pan or platter with butter or cooking spray. In a large saucepan, bring condensed milk, cocoa powder, and butter to a boil, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring constantly until mixture thickens. It should have the consistency of thick frosting.
Pour mixture into prepared pan; let cool completely and become firm (you can refrigerate it to speed up the process).
Grease your hands with butter and shape pieces into 1- to 1 1/2-inch balls. Roll each ball in sprinkles. Place on waxed paper and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.


1  roll of store-bought pie dough
Assorted fruit preserves
1  egg
1½ c. Royal Icing
⅓ c. Assorted sprinkles
4 c. confectioners' sugar
2  egg whites
2 tbsp. warm water
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
.13 tsp. salt
Food coloring of your choice (optional)
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.
Cut cold dough into two equal pieces and roll it into rectangles about 6 by 10 inches and 1/4 inch thick. Spread tablespoonfuls of filling in rows spaced about ½ inch apart, leaving a 1/2-inch border around the edges of the dough.
Using a pastry brush, paint egg wash around and between the filling. Gently place the second piece of dough on top and press around the filling to seal. Use a sharp knife or pizza cutter to cut dough into 2-by-4-inch rectangles and press the edges of each tart with the tines of a fork to seal. Arrange tarts on prepared baking sheet and brush tops with a bit more egg wash.
Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown around the edges. Let cool.
Spread icing onto cooled pastries using an offset spatula. Decorate with sprinkles.
For the Royal Icing: Line a large work surface with a sheet of wax or parchment paper. Sift confectioners’ sugar into a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together egg whites and warm water until mixture is thoroughly combined and foamy. Whisk in vanilla extract and salt. Add egg mixture to confectioners’ sugar and whisk until smooth. If needed, add more water, just 1/2 teaspoon at a time, until icing is very thick and smooth but still able to be piped. Fold in food coloring, if using.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. rolled oats
1 c. coarsely chopped pecans
1 c. light brown sugar
2½ tsp. cinnamon
1 tsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 stick unsalted butter
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
2  Bartlett pears
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. kosher salt
2 stick unsalted butter
1½ c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs
1¼ c. sour cream
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
confectioners' sugar
Make the topping
Meanwhile, make the cake:
Scrape the batter into the prepared pan, spreading it in an even layer. Cover with the streusel-pear topping. Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes, until the crumb topping is browned and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Transfer the pan to a rack and let the cake cool completely, about 1 hour. Dust the cake with confectioners' sugar, cut into squares, and serve.


1 medium orange
2 small pears
¼ tsp. almond extract
2 tsp. sugar
12 oz. strawberries
½ oz. sliced blanched almonds
Squeeze the juice from your orange into a 3-quart saucepan. Add the pears, extract, and sugar.  Cook on medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes, or until the pears begin to soften.
Remove the compote from the heat and stir in the strawberries. Transfer to a medium bowl and refrigerate at least 1 1/2 hours, or until chilled. Divide among 4 glasses or serving bowls and top with almonds.


½ c. old-fashioned oats
3 small Gala or Empire apples
2 medium pears
1 tbsp. water
2 tsp. brown sugar
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
½ c. dried cranberries
⅓ c. chunky, sweetened peanut butter
3 tbsp. whole wheat flour
¼ c. fat-free whipped cream
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spread the oats in a single layer on a jelly-roll pan.  Toast them 5 to 8 minutes or until golden brown, stirring once halfway through.
Meanwhile, in a 4-quart saucepan, combine the apples, pears, water, sugar, cinnamon, and ginger. Cook on medium heat, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 12 minutes or until sugar dissolves and fruit softens. Remove from the heat and stir in the cranberries.  Divide the mixture among 6 shallow 12- to 16-ounce baking dishes.
In a medium bowl, combine the oats, peanut butter, and flour. Rub the mixture between your fingers to form small clumps then sprinkle it over the fruit mixture in the baking dishes. Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until browned and bubbling. To serve, top each crisp with 1 tablespoon of whipped cream.


2¼ c. nonfat plain Greek yogurt
1 tbsp. maple syrup
½ tsp. grated lemon peel
½ tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. no-calorie sweetener
6  full sheets of low-fat, whole-grain graham crackers
Line a 8 1/2- by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving overhang on the two long sides.
In a bowl, stir together the yogurt, syrup, lemon peel, vanilla, and sweetener.
Line the bottom of the loaf pan with 3 graham cracker halves. Spread one-third of the yogurt mixture over the crackers. Repeat, layering twice. Top with the remaining 3 graham cracker halves.
Using the plastic overhang, wrap the cake and refrigerate at least 2 hours, or up to 4 hours. Unwrap the cake and, using the overhanging plastic, pull the cake out of pan. With a serrated knife, gently cut the cake into 6 slices. Garnish with lemon peel and serve.


4 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. unsweetened cocoa
2 tsp. sugar
1 c. lowfat milk
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
4 large egg whites
1 pinch salt
¼ tsp. cream of tartar
12  raspberries
¼ oz. chocolate shavings
Place 4 ounces of chocolate in a large, heatproof bowl. In a 2-quart saucepan, whisk the cornstarch, cocoa, and sugar. While whisking, drizzle in the milk.  Warm the milk mixture over medium heat until it starts to simmer, whisking frequently. Simmer for 1 minute before whisking in the vanilla. Pour the hot milk mixture over the chocolate until the chocolate is covered. Let stand for 3 minutes or until the chocolate melts.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl with the mixer on medium-high speed, beat the egg whites and salt for 1 minute. Add the cream of tartar and beat on high until stiff peaks form.
With a rubber spatula, stir the chocolate mixture until smooth. Add one-fourth of the beaten whites to the chocolate, stirring to incorporate. Gently fold in the remaining whites.
Divide the mousse into 4 glasses. Cover each glass with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour, or up to 1 day. To serve, garnish the mousse with 3 raspberries and chocolate shavings.


nonstick cooking spray
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. salt
1¼ c. buttermilk
1 large egg
2 tbsp. canola oil
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 large grapefruit
4 strip grapefruit zest
1 c. confectioners' sugar
3 tbsp. grapefruit juice
Coat 2 six-cavity doughnut pans with nonstick spray. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine flour, 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar, baking powder, ginger, and salt, and mix well. In a small bowl, whisk buttermilk, egg, canola oil, vanilla, and zest of 1 grapefruit to combine. Add wet ingredients to dry ingredients and stir. Spoon the batter into the prepared pans, filling each cavity a little more than three-quarters. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in pan for 5 minutes, then turn doughnuts out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
In a small bowl, whisk confectioners' sugar and juice until smooth. Set glaze aside. In a small saucepan, combine zest strips, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, and 3 tablespoons water, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer mixture until sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Strain. Toss zest immediately in remaining granulated sugar until coated. Transfer to a cutting board and chop.
For each doughnut, carefully dip the top in glaze, then set on a wire rack, glaze side up, so excess drips off. Sprinkle immediately with chopped zest.


1 c. chunky, natural peanut butter
1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. granulated white sugar
½ c. dark-brown sugar
1 large egg
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. flax seed meal (see Note)
¾ tsp. baking soda
½ c. walnut pieces
½ c. milk chocolate chips
½ c. whole flax seeds
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Using a stand mixer or hand mixer, cream together the peanut butter, butter, and sugar, until the peanut butter starts to become fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla, and mix on medium speed until all of the ingredients are combined, about 2 minutes.
In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and flax seed meal. Slowly add it to the butter mixture, and beat it only enough to combine all of the ingredients. Add the walnuts, chocolate chips, and flax seeds, and mix by hand to incorporate.
Prepare a baking sheet with a non-stick baking mat or parchment paper. Scoop out heaping tablespoons of cookie dough, and gently form each one into a ball, and place them 2 inches apart on the baking sheet. Lightly press down on the center of each with the back of a fork, and repeat creating a grid on top of the dough.
Bake, uncovered, until golden brown, about 18 to 20 minutes, rotating the sheet halfway through to ensure evenly baked cookies. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheet for 3 to 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack or towel to cool. If using only one baking sheet, repeat step 4 until you've gone through all of the dough.


2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. flax seed meal (see Note)
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. kosher salt
2 stick unsalted butter
1 c. white granulated sugar
1 c. brown sugar
3 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. rolled oats
1 c. raisins
¼ c. whole flax seeds
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, flax seed meal, baking soda, baking powder, and kosher salt. In a separate bowl, mix the butter, sugar, eggs, and vanilla, manually or with a hand mixer. Beat until the mixture is fluffy.
Combine the two mixtures, stirring until the flour is fully incorporated, then add the oats, raisins, and flax seeds. Mix well, but don't over mix.
Prepare a baking sheet with a non-stick baking mat or parchment paper. Scoop out heaping tablespoons of cookie dough, and gently form each into a ball, and place them 2 inches apart on the baking sheet. Sprinkle the top of each cookie with whole flax seeds. Bake for 11-14 minutes, uncovered, until the cookies turn golden brown (but are still moist in the middle). Rotate the baking sheet halfway through to ensure evenly baked cookies. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheet for 3 to 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack or towel to cool. If using only one baking sheet, repeat until you've used all of the dough.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. cinnamon
3  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 stick unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
3  over-ripe bananas
½ c. flax meal (see Note)
½ c. walnut pieces
¼ c. flax seeds
In a large bowl, sift together the baking soda and salt, and set aside. In a large measuring cup, whisk the eggs and vanilla and set aside. Butter a 9- by 5-inch loaf pan, and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Cream the butter and sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or a hand mixer, until it starts to become light and fluffy. Gradually pour the egg mixture into the butter, while mixing, until all of the ingredients are incorporated. Slowly add the bananas, while mixing on low, then remove the bowl from the mixer.
With a rubber spatula, mix in the flour mixture until just incorporated. Fold in the flax meal, walnuts, and flax seeds, reserving a few of the nuts and seeds. Transfer the batter to the pan, and sprinkle the remaining walnuts and flax seeds on top of the batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the bread comes out clean, about 40 to 55 minutes depending on your oven.
Cool the bread in the pan for 5 to 10 minutes. Turn the bread out of the pan to let it cool completely on a rack or towel, and store in an air-tight container or wrapped in plastic wrap.


4 oz. semisweet chocolate
2 oz. bittersweet chocolate
2 large egg yolks
1½ tsp. instant espresso powder
5 tbsp. granulated sugar
1½ c. heavy cream
Place the semisweet and bittersweet chocolates in a microwave-safe bowl. Melt according to package directions. Let cool slightly.
Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, whisk together the egg yolks, espresso powder, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, and 1/2 cup cream. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture lightly coats the back of a spatula (do not let the mixture simmer or boil), 2 to 3 minutes.
Scrape the egg mixture into the cooled chocolate and whisk to combine. Refrigerate until cooled, about 25 minutes.
Using an electric mixer, beat together the remaining cup cream and tablespoon sugar in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form. In two additions, fold the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture. Divide among serving dishes and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes before serving.
Sprinkle with shaved chocolate before serving, if desired.


1 c. cake flour
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
12 large egg whites
1 pinch kosher salt
1½ tsp. cream of tartar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
4  clementines
2  grapefruit (1 red, 1 yellow)
1  lime
¼ c. fresh mint leaves
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a bowl, sift the flour and 1/2 cup sugar. Add any sugar remaining in the sifter to the flour mixture.
Using an electric mixer (be sure the bowl is very clean), whisk together the egg whites and salt until foamy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the cream of tartar and whisk on high until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes.
While whisking, gradually add 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time, until stiff glossy peaks form, 3 minutes. Whisk in the vanilla.
Transfer the mixture to a large bowl. In four additions, sift the flour mixture over the top, gently folding to incorporate between additions; fold in any remaining sugar.
Transfer the batter into a 9- by 4-inch deep tube pan. Bake until cake is light golden brown and springs back when lightly touched, 40 to 45 minutes. (This time is for a light-colored cake pan. If using a dark cake pan, check after 30 to 35 minutes.)
Invert the pan over a cooling rack on its feet (if the pan does not have feet, invert over a heavy bottle). Once cool, use a blunt knife to release it from the pan.
Meanwhile, cut the peel and white pith from the citrus, then cut into 1/2-inch pieces and place in a bowl. Finely grate in the lime zest, then squeeze in 1 tablespoon juice. Gently toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar; fold in the mint. Serve with the cake.


½ c. creamy peanut butter
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1½ c. all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled)
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
⅓ c. granulated sugar
36  mini peanut butter cups
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Using an electric mixer, cream peanut butter and butter in a mixing bowl until smooth. Add brown sugar; beat until combined, scraping down bowl as needed. Add eggs and vanilla, and beat until incorporated.
In a small bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. With mixer on low speed, gradually beat in flour mixture in two batches.
Scoop off dough by the tablespoon; roll into balls. Place granulated sugar on a plate; roll balls in sugar, coating completely. Place 2 inches apart on a nonstick insulated baking sheet.
Bake until cookies begin to puff up slightly, about 7 minutes. Remove from oven. Press one peanut butter cup in center of each cookie. Return to oven; continue baking until cookies are golden brown and chocolate has begun to melt, about 6 minutes more. Let cool at least 10 minutes on baking sheet before transferring cookies to rack to cool completely.


1½ c. sifted cake flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
2 large eggs
½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. lemon extract
½ c. whole milk
4 tbsp. butter
¼ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. light brown sugar
¼ c. cake flour
½ tsp. cinnamon
Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly coat an 8-inch cake pan with butter and dust with all-purpose flour.
Sift the cake flour, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon into a large mixing bowl. Beat in the butter one heaping 1/4 teaspoonful at a time, using an electric mixer set on low speed, until the mixture resembles coarse sand. Beat in the sugar a tablespoon at a time, until the mixture resembles fine damp sand. Beat in the eggs one at a time.
Add the vanilla, lemon extract, and milk, beat on medium-high, just until blended. Do not over beat.
Set aside 1/2 cup batter. Bake remaining batter in an 8-inch cake pan at 400 degrees F for 20 minutes.
Make the topping:


½ c. light brown sugar
3 c. heavy cream
¾ c. dark-roast coffee beans
1  vanilla bean
6 large egg yolks
½ c. granulated sugar
On a parchment-lined baking pan, spread brown sugar in an even layer. Set aside in a cool, dry place until sugar dries out a bit, about 2 hours.
Meanwhile, in a medium pot over medium-high heat, bring cream, coffee beans, and vanilla-bean pod and seeds to a boil. Immediately remove pot from heat and let mixture steep to room temperature, about 1 hour. Strain and discard solids.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large pot over high heat, boil 1 1/2 quarts water. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk yolks with granulated sugar until thick and pale yellow. Using a whisk, stir in cooled cream (do not create bubbles or froth) until fully mixed. Set six 8-ounce ramekins in a large roasting pan and evenly divide custard mixture among the ramekins. Allow liquid to settle, then skim any foam from the top. Transfer pan to oven and carefully pour hot water into pan until water reaches halfway up sides of ramekins. Bake until custards are set at outer edges and the centers jiggle slightly, about 35 minutes. Immediately transfer ramekins to a wire rack and let cool to room temperature. Cover ramekins with plastic wrap and refrigerate for about 2 hours.
Meanwhile, press reserved brown sugar through a sieve and into a small bowl. Preheat broiler, with a rack in the top position. (Ramekins should sit about 3 inches beneath the flame or heating element. If necessary, use an upside-down baking pan as a riser.) Remove ramekins from refrigerator and place on a baking sheet. Using a paper towel, blot any moisture that has accumulated on the custard tops, then sprinkle a scant tablespoon of brown sugar on each. Place baking sheet under broiler until sugar is bubbling and deep brown, 2 1/2 to 3 minutes. Immediately transfer ramekins to a wire rack for 1 minute to let topping harden. Serve immediately.


¾ c. cold heavy cream
1 tbsp. cold heavy cream
1 large egg
2 c. all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled)
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. fine salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
¾ c. sweetened shredded coconut
½ c. coarsely chopped bittersweet chocolate
Sanding sugar (optional)
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Whisk together 3/4 cup cream and egg. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt. With a pastry blender or two knives, cut butter into flour mixture until it resembles coarse meal, with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Stir in coconut and chocolate. With a fork, stir in cream mixture until just combined. (The dough should be crumbly; do not overwork.)
Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface and pat into a 6-inch circle. Cut into 6 wedges and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Brush tops with 1 tablespoon cream and sprinkle with sanding sugar, if desired. Bake until golden, 16 to 18 minutes, rotating sheet halfway through.


½ c. unsalted butter
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground nutmeg
½ c. dark-brown sugar
2 large eggs
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. grated carrots
8 oz. cream cheese
1 c. confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 5-by-9-inch (6-cup) loaf pan. In a bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
Using an electric mixer, beat butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy; beat in eggs and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Beat in carrots. With mixer on low, gradually add flour mixture; beat just until combined. Transfer batter to prepared pan; bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool in pan 5 minutes. Turn cake out onto a wire rack, and let cool completely.
Make frosting: 


Vegetable oil cooking spray, for pan
¾ c. all-purpose flour, plus more for surface
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
salt
⅓ c. unsalted pistachios
8 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. sugar
½ c. unsalted shelled pistachios
¼ c. sugar
salt
1 tsp. safflower oil
5 oz. milk chocolate
½ c. heavy cream
¼ c. whole milk
1 large egg
finely chopped pistachios
Make the crust: 
Roll out dough to 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Press dough into bottom and up sides of tart pan. Trim excess dough flush with edges of pan using a knife. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. Meanwhile, preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Bake until firm, about 30 minutes. Let cool completely; reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees F.
Meanwhile, make the pistachio paste:
Make the filling: 


18  sugar cones
½ tsp. Coarse salt
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
⅓ c. peeled raw hazelnuts
¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
1¾ c. heavy cream
5 oz. bittersweet chocolate
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
Make crust: 
Meanwhile, make topping:
Make filling:


6 oz. graham crackers
1 tbsp. sugar
.13 tsp. salt
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
15 oz. bitttersweet chocolate
1¾ c. heavy cream
2 large egg yolks
2 c. mini marshmallows
1 c. salted almonds with skins
¾ c. mini marshmallows
¼ c. salted almonds with skins
2 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Make crust:
Pour mixture into a 9-inch cake ring or springform pan set on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Press crumbs with your hand or the bottom of a glass to form an even layer on bottom and up sides of pan. Bake until crust just starts to turn golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool completely on sheet on a wire rack.
Make ganache: 
Coarsely chop remaining 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, and transfer to a large bowl. Toss in 2 cups mini marshmallows and 1 cup whole toasted almonds. Scatter mixture all over bottom of cooled crust. Reserve 1 cup ganache for topping, and pour the rest evenly on top of the filling (do not overfill the crust). Refrigerate tart, uncovered, until firm, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, cover reserved ganache with plastic wrap, and set aside at room temperature.
Make topping:


7 oz. NILLA Wafers
½ c. roasted unsalted almonds
6 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp. heavy cream
½ c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. bourbon
Finely chopped pistachios, almonds, or pecans
In a food processor, pulse the Nilla wafers and almonds to form fine crumbs.
Place the chocolate and cream in a medium microwave-safe bowl and microwave on high, stirring every 30 seconds, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, about 1 1/2 minutes total.
Stir in the sugar, then the almond cookie crumbs and bourbon. Immediately roll the mixture into 1 1/2-inch
balls, then coat in the nuts. Refrigerate until ready to serve.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ oz. active dry yeast
½ tsp. kosher salt
¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. whole milk
¼ c. unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
4 large eggs
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tbsp. cocoa powder
½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. turbinado sugar
¼ tsp. kosher salt
3 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
In a large bowl (or the bowl of an electric mixer), whisk together the flour, yeast, salt, and sugar.
Place the milk and butter in a small heavy-bottomed saucepan and cook over low heat until the butter melts, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat.
Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture, then add the vanilla and 3 eggs. Using an electric mixer on low, beat until the flour mixture is moistened. Increase the speed to medium and mix, occasionally scraping down the sides of the bowl, until the dough is smooth, about 6 minutes. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic, about 2 minutes.
Return the dough to the same mixing bowl (no need to clean it); cover with plastic wrap and a dishtowel. Set the bowl in a warm place and let the dough rise until it doubles in size, about 45 minutes. Transfer the dough to the work surface, punch it down, and return it to the bowl. Cover and let rest for 10 minutes more.
While the dough is rising, make the chocolate filling and crumb topping (recipes below) and line a 4 1/2- by 8 1/2-inch loaf pan with parchment, leaving a 3-inch overhang on the long sides.
On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 18- by 14-inch rectangle. Spread the filling evenly on top, leaving a 1/2-inch border on each side. Starting from a long side, roll the dough into a log.
Cut the log in half lengthwise to form two long pieces. With the cut-sides facing up, pinch together one end of each half. Braid the halves over each other to create a large twist. Pinch the ends together. Carefully transfer the twist into the prepared loaf pan, tucking the ends underneath itself to fit (the filling should be facing up and exposed).
In a small bowl, beat the remaining egg with 1 teaspoon water. Brush the top of the loaf with the egg, then sprinkle with the crumb topping. Let sit for 20 minutes.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the loaf until golden brown and a skewer inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
To make the chocolate filling:
To make the crumb topping:


1 container vanilla ice cream
⅓ c. rum or bourbon
.13 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
Put ice cream in a large microwave-safe bowl. Microwave 2 to 3 minutes or until just melted, stirring occasionally.
Add rum and nutmeg and whisk until combined. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 1 day.
Whisk well before serving. Transfer to a punch bowl or individual glasses. Sprinkle with more nutmeg, if desired.


8 c. whole milk
1 can sweetened condensed milk
3 c. bittersweet or semisweet chocolate chips
¼ c. crème de menthe or vodka
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. peppermint extract
¼ tsp. salt
Sweetened whipped cream
Crushed candy canes
Put the milk, sweetened condensed milk, chocolate chips, crème de menthe (or vodka), vanilla extract, peppermint extract, and salt in a 7-quart slow cooker.
Cover and cook on high 2 hours or until combined, whisking vigorously halfway through to help chocolate melt.
Switch to warm for serving. Set out whipped cream and crushed candy canes, for topping.


all-purpose flour

½ c. sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
¾ tsp. salt
2½ c. whole milk
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate
4 large egg yolks
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract

1  thick block bittersweet chocolate
On a lightly floured work surface, roll pate sucree to 1/8-inch thickness. Fit into a 9-inch pie dish. Trim edges, leaving a 1-inch overhang. Tuck overhang under dough so edges are flush with rim, and crimp edges. Lightly prick bottom of dough with a fork. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line dough with parchment, and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until edges begin to look dry, 20 to 22 minutes. Carefully remove weights and parchment. Bake until crust is darker around edges and bottom looks dry, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack. (Chocolate crust can be stored overnight.)
Whisk together sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a small bowl. Heat milk and chocolate in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until chocolate melts.
Whisk 1 cup hot milk mixture into sugar mixture until smooth. Whisk milk-sugar mixture into the remaining milk mixture in the saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until bubbling and thick, 4 to 5 minutes total (about 2 minutes after it comes to a boil).
Whisk yolks in a medium bowl until combined. Pour in milk mixture in a slow, steady stream, whisking until completely incorporated. Return mixture to saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until it just begins to bubble, 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove from heat, and stir in vanilla. Let custard cool in saucepan on a wire rack, whisking occasionally, for about 10 minutes.
Pour custard into chocolate crust. Press plastic wrap directly on surface of custard. Refrigerate until custard filling is chilled and firm, at least 4 hours (or overnight).
Spread caramel whipped cream over pie. Using a vegetable peeler, scrape chocolate block at a 45-degree angle to make a small mound of shavings, and sprinkle over whipped cream. Serve immediately, or refrigerate and serve within 2 hours.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. sugar
2 tbsp. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
½ tsp. salt
3 oz. unsalted butter
3 large egg yolks
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Pulse flour, sugar, cocoa, and salt in a food processor until combined. Add butter, and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. Add yolks and vanilla, and process until mixture just begins to hold together (no longer than 30 seconds).
Shape dough into a disk. Wrap in plastic, and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour (or up to 2 days).


5 oz. chocolate wafers
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
pinch of salt
1½ c. ricotta
½ c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
.13 tsp. ground cinnamon
5  kumquats
1 oz. bittersweet chocolate
For the crust:
For the filling: 


25  chocolate wafer cookies
½ c. Pecan halves
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
⅔ c. sugar
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
⅓ c. cornstarch
¼ tsp. salt
2½ c. milk
4 large egg yolks
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a food processor, grind wafers and pecans until fine crumbs form. Add melted butter; process until moistened. Transfer mixture to a 9-inch pie plate; press into bottom and up sides (use the base of a dry measuring cup to help). Bake until fragrant, 8 to 10 minutes; let cool.
Place a large fine-mesh sieve over a medium bowl; set aside. In a medium saucepan, off heat, whisk together 2/3 cup sugar, cocoa powder, cornstarch, and salt. A few tablespoons at a time, whisk in milk, being sure to incorporate the cornstarch. Whisk in egg yolks.
Over medium heat, whisking constantly, cook mixture until the first large sputtering bubble forms. Reduce heat to low; continuing to whisk constantly, cook 1 minute. Remove from heat; immediately pour through sieve into bowl. Stir in teaspoon vanilla and 2 tablespoons cold butter.
Pour pudding into crust. Place plastic wrap directly on surface (to prevent skin from forming); chill at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Just before serving, beat cream, remaining teaspoon sugar, and remaining teaspoon vanilla until soft peaks form. Spread whipped cream over pudding, and sprinkle with pecans.


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
4 oz. butter
1 c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Whisk flour, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Cream butter and sugar with a mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla, until just combined. Reduce speed to low, and slowly add flour mixture, beating until just combined. Shape into a disk, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes (or up to 2 days).
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Cut dough in half. On lightly floured parchment, roll out each piece slightly thicker than 1/8 inch. Using scallop-edged or fluted cutters, cut out cookies, and place on a baking sheet 1 inch apart. Freeze until firm, about 10 minutes.
Remove from freezer, and cut out doily patterns in centers of cookies using aspic cutters; discard scraps. (If dough softens, return to freezer until firm.) Bake until edges begin to turn golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack.


½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
4 tsp. instant espresso
1 tsp. baking powder
.13 tsp. salt
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
⅔ c. light-brown sugar
1 large egg
4 oz. bittersweet or semisweet chocolate
1 tbsp. milk
confectioners' sugar
In a medium bowl, sift together flour, cocoa, espresso, baking powder, and salt. With an electric mixer, cream butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg until well combined; mix in cooled chocolate. With mixer on low, gradually add flour mixture; beat in milk until just combined. Flatten dough into a disk; wrap in plastic. Freeze until firm, about 45 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Pour confectioners' sugar (about 1/2 cup) into a medium bowl; working in batches, roll balls in sugar two times, letting them sit in sugar between coatings.
Place on prepared baking sheets, 2 inches apart. Bake until cookies have spread and coating is cracked, 12 to 14 minutes; cookies will still be soft to the touch. Cool cookies on a wire rack.


1 c. sugar
1 tsp. cinnamon
2  sheets frozen puff pastry
3 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle a work surface with 1/2 cup cinnamon-sugar mixture on it and roll out puff pastry into two 9-by-11-inch rectangles. Sprinkle each rectangle with 3 tablespoons cinnamon-sugar mixture and gently roll over dough to adhere.
Working with 1 rectangle at a time and starting from a long edge, quickly but gently fold dough toward center 3 times in 1-inch increments. Gently flip over dough and repeat with other long edge (once baked, cookies will look like an S-shape). Wrap dough in plastic and freeze until very firm but not frozen, 20 minutes.
Cut dough crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Dip both sides of each slice in remaining cinnamon-sugar mixture. In batches, place cookies, 2 inches apart, on a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Bake until deep golden on underside, 12 minutes. Carefully flip each cookie with a metal spatula and bake until crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack set in a rimmed baking sheet and let cool completely. With a fork, drizzle cookies with chocolate and let sit until chocolate is set, about 30 minutes.


2 c. all-purpose flour
⅔ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
¼ tsp. fine salt
1¼ c. unsalted butter
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
5 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
½ tsp. pure peppermint extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with racks in upper and lower thirds. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, and salt. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat 1 cup each butter and sugar on medium-high until light and fluffy, 3 minutes. Add egg and vanilla; beat to combine. With mixer on low, gradually add flour mixture and beat to combine.
Place 1/2 cup sugar in a small bowl. Roll dough into 1-inch balls, then roll in sugar to coat. Place balls, 1 inch apart, on two parchment-lined baking sheets. Bake 5 minutes. Remove sheets from oven; with the small end of a melon baller or the bottom of a small round measuring spoon, make an indentation in center of each cookie.
Bake until cookies are just set but still look moist, 4 minutes (do not overbake). Let cool on sheets on wire racks.
In a microwave-safe bowl, microwave chocolate chips and 1/4 cup butter in 10-second increments until melted; stir in peppermint extract. Let cool until thick enough to pipe, 5 minutes. Transfer mixture to a large zip-top bag; snip 1/4-inch hole in one corner. Pipe chocolate into cookie indentations.


3 lb. tangerines
4 c. sugar
Place a small plate in freezer. In a large pot, bring tangerines and 6 cups water to a boil over high. Reduce heat to medium and cook at a rapid simmer until tangerine peels are tender, 20 minutes.
Add sugar, increase heat to medium-high, and stir until sugar dissolves. Return to a boil and cook, stirring often, until mixture is thick and darkens slightly, 40 to 45 minutes. To test for doneness, drop a spoonful on frozen plate and freeze 2 minutes. Marmalade is done if it has a slight film that wrinkles when pushed with a finger. If it spreads out and thins immediately, continue cooking. Transfer marmalade to airtight containers, cover, and let cool completely.


½ c. dark-brown sugar
½ c. unsalted pistachios
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
all-purpose flour
1½ lb. pizza dough
⅓ c.
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
In a food processor, pulse brown sugar and pistachios until coarsely ground. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons sugar mixture into an 8-inch round baking pan (2 inches deep) and drizzle with 2 tablespoons butter.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll and stretch dough into a 12-by-18-inch rectangle. Spread with marmalade, leaving a 1-inch border. Top with remaining sugar mixture, sprinkle with salt, and drizzle with 3 tablespoons butter. Starting at a long edge, roll up dough like a jelly roll. Cut crosswise into 8 pieces and place in pan. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm, draft-free place until buns are puffed and begin to touch, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place pan on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until buns are golden brown, about 35 minutes. Immediately run a knife around edge of pan and invert buns onto a serving platter. Serve warm.


1 c. heavy cream
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp. bourbon
1 c. pecans
In a medium saucepan, bring cream to a boil; remove from heat, and add chocolate and bourbon. Let stand 3 minutes; whisk until smooth. Transfer chocolate mixture to a medium bowl, and refrigerate, uncovered, until thick and firm enough to spoon out in mounds, about 2 hours.
Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment or waxed paper. Drop level tablespoons of chocolate mixture onto baking sheet. Refrigerate chocolate mounds until firm, 30 minutes.
Place pecans in a shallow bowl. Using hands, roll each chocolate mound into a ball; roll balls in pecans, pressing lightly to adhere, and place on baking sheet. Refrigerate truffles until set, 30 minutes to 1 hour.


2¾ c. raw cashews
¼ c. white sesame seeds
2 tbsp. black sesame seeds
1½ tsp. vanilla bean paste or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 tsp. Maldon salt or other flaky sea salt
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
1¾ c. sugar
½ c. water
¼ c. light corn syrup
2 stick unsalted butter
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Spread the cashews and sesame seeds on a rimmed baking sheet and bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until lightly golden. Let cool.
Line a large rimmed baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper and lightly coat the parchment with nonstick cooking spray.
In a small bowl, whisk vanilla bean paste with salt, baking soda, and nutmeg.
In a large saucepan, bring sugar, water, and corn syrup to a boil. Cook over moderately high heat, brushing down the side of the pan with a wet pastry brush, until the syrup reaches 250 degrees F on a candy thermometer, 10 minutes. Off the heat, whisk in butter.
Bring the syrup back to a boil and cook over moderately high heat, stirring, until golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla bean mixture, then the cashews, and sesame seeds. Immediately scrape the brittle onto the prepared baking sheet and, working quickly, spread it in an even layer with an offset spatula. Lay another silicone baking mat or a sheet of sprayed parchment over the brittle and use a rolling pin to even it out. Remove the top baking mat and let the brittle cool completely, about 1 hour. Break the brittle into pieces before serving, storing or gifting.


Vegetable oil, cooking spray
1 lb. unsalted butter
2⅔ c. sugar
⅓ c. water
¼ c. light corn syrup
Fleur de sel, for sprinkling
Coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Bring butter, sugar, water, and corn syrup to a boil in a large saucepan, whisking frequently until sugar dissolves and butter melts. Cook, undisturbed, until mixture registers 300 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 12 minutes.
Whisk toffee mixture, then immediately pour onto prepared sheet, tilting pan to spread over entire surface. Let stand for 30 seconds, then sprinkle with fleur de sel. Let cool. (Do not move the pan for first 30 minutes.) Break toffee into pieces. Toffee will keep, covered, for up to 1 week.


Nonstick spray, for baking pan
2¼ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. round peppermint candies
¾ c. heavy cream
3½ c. mini marshmallows
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
1¼ c. sugar
1 tsp. Coarse salt
Lightly coat a 9-inch square baking pan with nonstick spray. Line pan with two pieces parchment paper in both directions, leaving 2 inches of overhang on all sides; spray parchment. Place chocolate in a bowl. In a food processor, pulse candies until finely chopped. In a medium saucepan, combine candies, cream, marshmallows, butter, sugar, and salt over medium-high. Whisk until smooth, 5 minutes.
Pour mixture through a strainer into bowl with chocolate; let stand 1 minute, then stir until smooth. Pour into baking pan and refrigerate until set, 3 hours.
Cut fudge into 1 1/2-inch squares. With a sharp knife, cut 18 candies in half; press a candy half into each square before serving or packing.


nonstick cooking spray
2 c. sugar
½ c. light corn syrup
½ tsp. Coarse salt
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ tsp. baking soda
1 lb. salted dry-roasted peanuts
Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment and lightly coat with cooking spray. In a medium saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup, salt, and 1 cup water. Bring to a rapid simmer over medium-high and cook until deep golden, about 20 minutes.
Remove pan from heat. Stir in butter, baking soda, and peanuts (mixture will foam). Stir until mixture is no longer bubbling and caramel is smooth, 1 minute.
Transfer to sheet and spread with a lightly greased spatula. Let cool until firm, 15 minutes. Break into pieces.


Vegetable oil cooking spray
5 oz. evaporated milk
1½ c. light-brown sugar
5 oz. unsalted butter
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3 oz. toasted walnuts
Coat a 5-by-10-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. Line with plastic wrap leaving a 2-inch overhang on 2 sides.
Bring evaporated milk, brown sugar, butter, and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer, stirring frequently, until mixture registers 236 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 25 minutes.
Transfer to a mixer bowl, and beat in confectioners' sugar on low speed. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Increase speed to medium, and beat until mixture is thickened and smooth, 2 to 4 minutes. Reduce speed to low, and add vanilla and walnuts.
Spread mixture in pan, smoothing top. Refrigerate, uncovered, until firm, about 25 minutes. Unmold fudge using plastic overhang, and discard plastic. Cut into 18 pieces.


nonstick cooking spray
1½ c. sugar
½ c. light corn syrup
¾ tsp. salt
2 tbsp. butter
1½ c. mixed nuts, such as pecan halves, cashews, pistachios
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. baking soda
Spray a rimmed baking sheet and a wide metal spatula with cooking spray; set aside.
In a 2-quart glass measuring cup, combine sugar, corn syrup, and salt, stirring until sugar is moistened. Microwave on high for 4 minutes. Stir in butter and nuts; return to microwave for about 5 minutes, until the sugar mixture is thick, bubbly, and very pale brown in color. Mixture is very hot; use handle when holding and pouring.
Remove from microwave, stir in vanilla and baking soda (mixture may foam up). Immediately pour onto prepared baking sheet, spreading mixture as thinly as possible with the prepared spatula. Let stand 20 minutes until hardened, then lift off sheet, and break brittle into bite-size pieces.


4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. Coarse salt
1¼ c. unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
1 large egg
2 tsp. lemon zest

In a food processor, combine flour, baking powder, and salt; pulse to mix. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add sugar, eggs, and lemon zest and process until mixture resembles wet sand.
Turn mixture out onto a lightly floured surface; knead several times until dough comes together. Divide into 3 portions; flatten each into a disk. Roll each disk to an 1/8-inch thickness between sheets of parchment. Stack dough (still in parchment) on a baking sheet; refrigerate 20 minutes. (To store, wrap in plastic and freeze on sheet, up to 2 weeks. Thaw until pliable before using.)
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F, with racks in middle and lower thirds. Working with 1 dough sheet at a time, peel off parchment (save for baking). With lightly floured cutters, cut dough into desired shapes and arrange, 1 inch apart, on two parchment-lined rimmed baking sheets (re-roll scraps, if desired). Sprinkle with sugar, if desired. Refrigerate 15 minutes.
Bake until cookies are set but still pale, 7 to 9 minutes, rotating sheets halfway through. Transfer cookies to wire racks and let cool completely. Using a spoon, frost cookies with icing; decorate with sugar, if desired.




2 c. sugar
½ c. light corn syrup
½ c. water
1  vanilla bean
1 stick unsalted butter
3½ lb. quinces
1 lb. all-butter puff pastry
Crème fraîche
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a heavy 14-inch skillet, combine the sugar, light corn syrup, water, and vanilla bean and seeds and bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Cook over moderate heat without stirring, gently swirling the syrup in the skillet occasionally and washing down the side of the skillet with a wet pastry brush, until a medium-light amber caramel forms, about 10 minutes. Off the heat, stir in the butter. Add the sliced quince and cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally with a nonstick rubber spatula, until softened, about 5 minutes. Let the quince cool slightly. Evenly distribute the quince slices over the bottom of the skillet or, for a neater appearance, carefully arrange them in concentric circles.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the puff pastry to a 14-inch square. Using the skillet lid as a template, cut out a 14-inch round. Cut eight 1-inch-long steam vents in the pastry round and lay it over the fruit. Bake the tart in the center of the oven for about 55 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown and cooked through. Let the tart stand for 15 minutes.
Cover the tart with a large plate and very carefully invert the tart onto the plate. Cut into wedges and serve with crème fraîche.


1 stick unsalted butter
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. water
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ tsp. natural peppermint extract
12 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 c. Crushed peppermint candies
Line a large rimmed baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or parchment paper.
In a saucepan, combine the butter, sugar, water, and salt and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until the temperature reaches 298 degrees F on a candy thermometer, 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vanilla and peppermint extracts. Immediately pour the buttercrunch onto the prepared baking sheet and, using an offset spatula, spread it in an even layer; let cool completely.
In a medium glass bowl, heat half of the chocolate in a microwave oven at high power in 30-second intervals, stirring between bursts, until just starting to melt. Stir in the remaining chopped chocolate until smooth.
Spread half of the melted chocolate on the cooled buttercrunch. Sprinkle half of the peppermint on top; let stand until set.
Gently set another large baking sheet on top of the buttercrunch and carefully invert the baking sheets; peel off the baking mat or parchment. Spread the remaining melted chocolate on the buttercrunch and sprinkle with the remaining peppermint; let stand until the chocolate is completely set. Break the buttercrunch into pieces before serving, storing, or gifting.


1 c. fine almond flour
1 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. salted toasted pumpkin seeds (
½ c. finely chopped dried mango, apricots, or cranberries
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. In a small bowl, whisk the flours with the salt. In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the butter with the sugar at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla. At low speed, beat in the dry ingredients, pepitas, and mango. Gather up the dough and knead a few times to form it into a ball.
Transfer the dough to a work surface lined with parchment paper. Using a lightly floured rolling pin, roll out the dough to a 10- by 12-inch rectangle. Transfer the dough (on the paper) to a baking sheet and freeze for 15 minutes, until firm but not frozen.
Using a sharp knife, trim the edges of the dough. Cut the dough into twenty 2- by 3-inch rectangles, then cut each in half to form 40 triangles. Arrange the cookies on the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 1 inch apart. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, until lightly golden and set. Transfer the cookies to racks to cool.










1¾ c. cake flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 tsp. kosher salt
1¼ c. sugar
1 c. sweetened shredded coconut
7 large eggs
¾ c. unsweetened coconut milk
½ c. vegetable oil
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ c. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. unsweetened coconut milk
Toasted shredded coconut
Make the cake:
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk, beat the egg whites until frothy, 1 to 2 minutes. With the mixer on, gradually add the remaining 1/2 cup of sugar and beat until the whites are glossy and soft peaks form, 1 to 2 minutes.
Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients. Mix in the coconut milk mixture until incorporated. Stir one-fourth of the beaten egg whites into the batter, then carefully fold in the remaining beaten whites until no streaks remain. Scrape the batter into the prepared pan.
Bake the cake for 45 to 50 minutes, until golden and the edges start to pull away from the pan. Transfer to a rack and let cool for 1 hour. Run a paring knife around the side of the cake to loosen it, then invert the cake onto a plate.
Make the frosting:


1 c. fine almond flour
1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. ground cardamom
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 jar apricot, seedless raspberry, or strawberry jam
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. In a small bowl, whisk the flours with the cardamom and salt. In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the butter with the sugar at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla. At low speed, beat in the dry ingredients. Gather up the dough and knead a few times to form it into a ball.
Using a small ice cream scoop or a tablespoon measure, portion the dough into 36 rolled balls. Arrange the balls on the prepared baking sheets about 1 inch apart. Using the back of a teaspoon, make an indentation in the center of each ball. Bake the cookies for 10 minutes, until slightly firm. Remove the baking sheets from the oven and press the indentations again. Return the cookies to the oven and bake for 7 to 8 minutes longer, until lightly golden and dry but not hard. Transfer the cookies to racks to cool completely. Fill the thumbprints with jam and serve.


1 stick unsalted butter
¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 large egg yolk
2 c. sugar
2  navel oranges
1 c. water
¾ c. heavy cream
½ c. whole milk
1 tbsp. grated orange zest
½ lb. bittersweet chocolate
2 large egg yolks
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ tsp. kosher salt
Make the crust:
Meanwhile, make the candied oranges:
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough to a 12-inch round. Without stretching it, fit the dough into a 10-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Trim the overhang and use it to patch any holes. Refrigerate the tart shell for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the tart shell for 35 minutes, until golden. Let cool.
Meanwhile, make the filling:
Put the tart shell on a rimmed baking sheet. Pour the filling into the shell and bake for about 15 minutes, until the filling at the edge is just set and the center is nearly set. Let stand at room temperature for 2 hours.
Drain the candied oranges well, then arrange them on the tart. Cut the tart into wedges and serve.


1 c. slivered almonds
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. bread flour
⅔ c. almond flour
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. kosher salt
14 oz. white chocolate
1¼ c. dried cranberries
2 stick unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
¾ c. light brown sugar
2 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the slivered almonds in a pie plate and toast for about 8 minutes, until fragrant. Let cool.
In a medium bowl, whisk all three flours with the baking soda and salt. Add the white chocolate, cranberries, and the cooled almonds and toss well.
In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter with both sugars at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down the side of the bowl. Beat in the whole eggs, egg yolks, and vanilla until incorporated, about 2 minutes. At low speed, beat in the dry ingredients. Cover the mixing bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate the dough until it is well chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Bake the cookies in two batches: Scoop 1/4-cup balls of the dough onto the baking sheets, spacing them 2 inches apart; lightly press them down with your palm. Bake in the upper and lower thirds of the oven for about 17 minutes, until the cookies are golden around the edges but slightly soft in the center; shift the baking sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through. Let the cookies cool slightly, then transfer them to a rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough.


1 c. finely crushed shortbread cookies
⅓ c. finely chopped pecans
½ c. coarsely chopped pecans
2 tbsp. light brown sugar
.13 tsp. fine salt
½ tsp. fine salt
1 tbsp. butter
2 package cream cheese
1 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. flour
2 large eggs
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Meanwhile, line 16 standard muffin-tin cups with paper liners ($3.50 for 60;
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat together cream cheese and 3/4 cup granulated sugar until blended. Beat in flour and remaining salt. Beat in eggs, one at a time, and vanilla. Divide filling equally among the muffin cups. Bake until set, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer pans to wire racks to cool completely, then refrigerate cheesecakes for at least 3 hours or up to overnight.
Meanwhile, oil a piece of parchment and set aside. In a small skillet over medium heat, stir coarsely chopped pecans and remaining sugar together until sugar melts and is bubbling, and nuts are coated. Transfer to prepared parchment; separate any nuts that are stuck together and let cool. Right before gifting, remove cheesecakes from refrigerator and top each with about 1 1/2 teaspoons candied pecans, to garnish.




1 tbsp. espresso powder
1½ tsp. meringue powder
1½ tsp. hot water
1½ c. sugar
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine espresso powder, meringue powder, and  hot water. Whisk until no lumps remain; let cool.
Add sugar and whisk until the mixture resembles damp sand. Spoon half of the sugar mixture into a 90-compartment silicone mini-ice-cube tray (
Using a rubber spatula, spread the mixture, pressing it tightly into the tray's compartments. Scrape away any excess sugar mixture and return to bowl. Repeat with remaining sugar mixture and a second tray. Place trays on a baking sheet and bake for 40 minutes. Allow cubes to rest until hardened, about 8 hours, before carefully releasing from trays.


7½ c. all-purpose flour
3 tsp. ground cinnamon
1½ tsp. ground nutmeg
1½ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. fine salt
3 large eggs
3 large egg yolks
4½ stick butter
2¼ c. granulated sugar
2¼ tsp. vanilla extract
¼ c. white sanding sugar
In a large bowl, combine the first 5 ingredients; set aside. In a medium bowl, beat eggs and yolks together; set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter until light and fluffy. Beat in granulated sugar, then vanilla and reserved egg-yolk mixture. Reduce mixer speed to low and gradually beat in reserved flour mixture just until the dough comes together. Remove the dough from the bowl and divide into 4 equal pieces. Shape into disks, wrap tightly in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to 3 days.
Remove dough from refrigerator and unwrap. Place each disk between lightly floured pieces of parchment, dusting with more flour to keep dough from sticking, and roll out each to a 14-inch square that's 1/8 inch thick. Stack dough squares with parchment on a baking sheet, cover sheet tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, remove baking sheet from refrigerator and unwrap. Remove 2 dough squares. Rewrap baking sheet and return to refrigerator. Unwrap 1 dough square. Using a pizza cutter, slice the square into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Repeat with the second dough square. Then, working with the first dough square, gently fold back every other strip in half, taking care not to create a crease at the bend. Position one strip of dough from the second square perpendicularly against the bends in the strips you just folded back. Unfold the bent strips so that they lie atop the perpendicular strip. Repeat this crisscrossing process (folding back the strips in the first square that are now covered by the perpendicular strip, placing another strip from the second square perpendicularly against those bends, and unfolding the bent strips so they lie atop the new perpendicular strip) until a lattice pattern is woven through half of the dough square. Turn the parchment 180 degrees and repeat the preceding steps on the other half of the dough square (see photo on  previous page). Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Using a 3 1/2-inch round cutter, cut out cookies and transfer to prepared baking sheets. (Gather scraps; wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate.) Sprinkle cookies lightly with sanding sugar.  Bake until golden around the edges and firm, 11 to 14 minutes. Cool cookies on baking sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with the 2 remaining dough squares.
Remove gathered scraps from refrigerator, form into a disk, and chill until firm, at least 30 minutes. Then repeat rolling, chilling, lattice-making, baking, and cooling directions to create the last few cookies.


2 package semi-sweet baking chocolate
¼ tbsp. peppermint extract
36 whole RITZ Crackers
1  candy cane
Mix chocolate and extract.
Dip crackers in chocolate mixture, turning to completely coat each cracker. Carefully scrape off excess chocolate. Place crackers in a single layer on waxed paper-covered baking sheets; sprinkle with crushed candy.
Refrigerate 30 minutes or until chocolate is firm.


1 box reduced fat cream cheese
⅓ c. sugar
1  egg
.13 c. milk
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 package brownie mix (choose directions for the cake-style brownies)
1 c. M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies
In a mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese with the sugar. Add the egg, milk, and vanilla extract. Set aside.
Prepare the brownie mix according to the package directions. Spoon 2/3 of the brownie batter into a parchment-lined 9- by 13-inch baking pan. Spoon the reserved cream cheese mixture over the brownie batter. Now scrape the remaining brownie batter over the cream cheese mixture. Swirl the tip of a knife through the batter to make a marbled effect. Press M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies into the batter.
Bake for 45-50 minutes in a preheated, 350-degree F oven until slightly moist in the center. Cool completely before cutting 8 by 4 into 1 1/2-inch squares.


1¾ c. DOVE® Chocolate
¾ c. M&M;’S® Brand MINIS®
1 bag Pretzel sticks
Reynolds® Parchment Paper
Remove 3/4 cup red and green M&M;’S® Brand MINIS® and set aside for decoration.
Line a baking sheet with Reynolds® Parchment Paper.
Melt the DOVE® Chocolate in a bowl set over a saucepan of boiling water. Stir the mixture as it melts. When mixture is shiny and smooth, turn off the heat.
Once all the chocolate is melted, dip the pretzel pieces one at a time and arrange them on the prepared baking sheet into an antler shape. Place the M&M;’S® Brand MINIS® on each antler as it is finished.
Repeat this same process until all the antlers are finished.
Let the chocolate cool completely and get firm. You can refrigerate to firm the chocolate more quickly.
Once firm, remove them from the Reynolds® Parchment Paper.
If desired, wrap each one in a sheet of cellophane, tied with a ribbon, or simply put them on a cookie plate.


1¾ c. DOVE® Brand Milk or Dark Chocolate
16  of your favorite biscotti
¾ c. M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies
2  baking sheets
Reynolds® Parchment Paper
Melt the chocolate in a bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir until chocolate is 3/4 melted. Remove from water and continue stirring until all the chocolate has melted.
Using a table knife, spread half the biscotti with the DOVE® Brand Milk or Dark Chocolate and set it on the baking sheet lined with Reynolds® Parchment Paper. Sprinkle with M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies and set aside until the chocolate hardens.


1 bag DOVE® PROMISES® Dark Chocolate
8 tbsp. butter
⅓ c. flour
¼ c. cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
⅔ c. sugar
2 c. Chopped nuts
2  cookie sheet pans
Foil paper
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line the sheet pans with foil and set aside.
Melt half of the DOVE® PROMISES® Dark Chocolate with the butter in the top of a double boiler until smooth. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, roughly chop the remaining chocolate and set aside.
To make the batter, combine the flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl; set aside. In a large bowl, beat the eggs and sugar until thick and light yellow, about 2 minutes. Stir in flour mixture and cooled chocolate and beat for 1 minute. Fold in the remaining chopped DOVE® PROMISE® Dark Chocolate and nuts.
Drop tablespoons of batter onto the prepared cookie sheet pans about 2 inches apart. Bake for approximately 10 minutes, or until just firm. Remove from the oven, transfer to a wire rack and cool for 5 minutes before removing from the cookie sheet pans.


1¾ c. DOVE® Chocolate
¾ c. M&M;’S® Brand MINIS®
1 bag Pretzel sticks
Reynolds® Parchment Paper
Remove 3/4 cup red and green M&M;’S® Brand MINIS® and set aside for decoration.
Line a baking sheet with Reynolds® Parchment Paper.
Melt the DOVE® Chocolate in a bowl set over a saucepan of boiling water. Stir the mixture as it melts. When mixture is shiny and smooth, turn off the heat.
Once all the chocolate is melted, dip the pretzel pieces one at a time and arrange them on the prepared baking sheet into an antler shape. Place the M&M;’S® Brand MINIS® on each antler as it is finished.
Repeat this same process until all the antlers are finished.
Let the chocolate cool completely and get firm. You can refrigerate to firm the chocolate more quickly.
Once firm, remove them from the Reynolds® Parchment Paper.
If desired, wrap each one in a sheet of cellophane, tied with a ribbon or simply put them on a cookie plate.


1  tube refrigerated sugar cookie dough
1 c. prepared vanilla frosting
1 c. M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies
9 piece STARBURST® Fruit Chews
Non-stick cookie sheet
Small angel cookie cutter
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Roll cookie dough to 1/4-inch thickness. Using the cookie cutter, cut out 18 angels. Transfer the angels to a non-stick cookie sheet and bake for 10-12 minutes, until golden brown. Let the cookies cool completely before decorating.
Ice the angels with vanilla frosting. Decorate the wings and bodies with M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies, by pressing them into the frosting.
Cut each STARBURST® Fruit Chews in half and shape them into small circles. Attach them as faces on each of the cookies.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. kosher salt
2 stick unsalted butter
½ c. very cold water
To Make by Hand:
Add the cubed butter to the flour mixture, and cut in using a
Scrape off any residual butter-flour mixture from the pastry cutter, and drizzle in the water. Gently work the water into the dough with a rubber spatula or a wooden spoon until it becomes a shaggy, but relatively cohesive mass. Give the dough a few kneads with your hands (less than 10) so that it forms a rough ball.
Divide the dough ball into two, and flatten each half into a rough disk. Wrap each disk in plastic wrap, and chill for at minimum 1 hour (this time increment allows for the water to fully hydrate the dough, making for a more cohesive product that's easier to roll out).
To Make in a Food Processor:
With the machine running, add about half of the water through the feed tube in a slow, steady stream; stop when the dough holds together without turning wet or sticky. Do not process more than 30 seconds. Test by squeezing a small amount of dough together; if it is still too crumbly, add a bit more water, 1 tablespoon at a time.
Divide the dough ball into two, and flatten each half into a rough disk. Wrap each disk in plastic wrap, and chill for at minimum 1 hour (this time increment allows for the water to fully hydrate the dough, making for a more cohesive product that's easier to roll out).


⅔ c. flour
1  roll refrigerated sugar cookie dough
1½ c. prepared vanilla frosting
3 c. M&M;’S® Brand Minis Chocolate Candies
4  strands red licorice laces
Resealable plastic bags
Drinking straw
Christmas light shaped cookie cutter (small)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Knead the flour into the cookie dough until smooth.
Roll the dough out to 1/4-inch thickness. By hand, or using a Christmas light cookie cutter, cut out shapes.
With a spatula, gently transfer the cookies to a baking sheet. Using a drinking straw, press a hole at the top of each cookie.
Bake for 15 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely.
Separate different colors of M&M;’S® Brand Minis Chocolate Candies, and set aside.
Spread vanilla frosting on top of each cookie. Arrange a solid color of M&M;’S® Brand Minis Chocolate Candies on top of each cookie.
Let the cookies dry for 30 minutes. Run licorice laces through each hole, connecting the cookies into one continuous strand.


1¾ c. DOVE® Brand Milk or Dark Chocolate
16  of your favorite biscotti
¾ c. M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies
2  baking sheets
Parchment paper
Melt the chocolate in a bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water. Stir until chocolate is 3/4 melted. Remove from water and continue stirring until all the chocolate has melted.
Using a table knife, spread half the biscotti with the chocolate and set it on the baking sheet lined with parchment. Sprinkle with M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies and set aside until the chocolate hardens.


1 box reduced fat cream cheese
⅓ c. sugar
1  egg
.13 c. milk
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 package brownie mix (choose directions for the cake-style brownies)
1 c. M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies
In a mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese with the sugar. Add the egg, milk, and vanilla extract. Set aside.
Prepare the brownie mix according to the package directions. Spoon 2/3 of the brownie batter into a parchment-lined 9- by 13-inch baking pan. Spoon the reserved cream cheese mixture over the brownie batter. Now scrape the remaining brownie batter over the cream cheese mixture. Swirl the tip of a knife through the batter to make a marbled effect. Press M&M;’S® Brand Chocolate Candies into the batter.
Bake for 45-50 minutes in a preheated, 350-degree F oven until slightly moist in the center. Cool completely before cutting 8 by 4 into 1 1/2-inch squares.


1  unbaked
1 can pumpkin purée (not pie filling)
½ c. packed light brown sugar
¼ c. granulated sugar
3  eggs
1 c. heavy cream
½ c. whole milk
2 tbsp. dark rum
2 tsp. grated orange peel
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. cold heavy cream
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. dark rum
1 tbsp. mascapone or crème fraîche
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Prepare Pie:
In large bowl, whisk pumpkin, brown sugar, granulated sugar, eggs, cream, milk, rum, orange peel, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt until smooth. Pour into baked piecrust.
Bake pie about 1 hour or until center is just set. Cool completely on wire rack.
To serve, prepare whipped cream:


2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. unsalted butter
¼ c. ice water
1½ lb. McIntosh or Gala apples
¼ tsp. grated orange peel
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
.13 tsp. ground allspice
¼ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. sugar
¼ tsp. kosher salt
¼ c. butter
Prepare Crust:
Transfer dough to floured surface; pat into 2 even disks. Wrap each with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 1 disk at least 1 hour; freeze other for another use.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Line cookie sheet with parchment paper. On lightly floured surface, with rolling pin, roll dough into 11-inch round. Transfer to prepared cookie sheet.
Prepare Apple Filling:
Prepare Topping:
Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until crust is golden brown and apples are tender. Let crostata cool on pan on wire rack 5 minutes. Slide parchment paper with crostata onto wire rack and cool completely.


9 stick unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
3  eggs
¾ tsp. vanilla extract
4½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
3 c. packed light brown sugar
1 c. honey
1 tsp. grated lemon peel
1 tsp. grated orange peel
1½ lb. pecans
¼ c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. With mixer on medium speed, beat 5 sticks butter and granulated sugar 3 minutes or until light. Add eggs and vanilla and mix well.
With fine-mesh sieve, sift flour, baking powder, and salt into bowl; add to butter mixture and mix on low speed until combined. Press dough into 18- by 12-inch jelly-roll pan, making edge around perimeter higher (dust dough and hands with flour). Bake 15 minutes or until crust is set but not browned. Cool on wire rack.
In sauce-pot, combine brown sugar, honey, citrus peel, and 4 sticks butter. Cook on low until butter melts, stirring. Heat to boiling on high. Boil 3 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in pecans and cream. Carefully pour filling over cooled crust. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until filling is bubbling. Cool in pan on wire rack.
Wrap with plastic and refrigerate until cold. Cut into 32 squares.


12 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. kosher salt
⅓ c. vegetable shortening (such as Crisco)
½ c. ice water
Cut butter into 1/2-inch cubes; refrigerate while preparing flour mixture.
In food processor with knife blade attached, combine flour, sugar, and salt; pulse to mix. Add butter and shortening. Pulse 8 to 12 times or until pea-size clumps form. With machine running, pour ice water into feed tube. Pulse until dough begins to form ball.
Transfer dough to floured surface. Roll into ball; wrap in plastic and refrigerate 30 minutes.
Divide dough into 2 equal pieces. Wrap one piece in plastic and refrigerate or freeze for another use. On well-floured surface, with rolling pin, roll remaining piece into 12-inch circle, rolling from center to edge, turning and flouring dough to prevent sticking.


1 c. boiling water
1 c. sugar
2 c. packed mint leaves
6  kiwis
ice
1 L sparkling water or club soda
1 c. vodka
Glass measuring cup
Blender
Cheesecloth
Fine sieve
Pitcher
Chemistry flasks
Straws
In a glass measuring cup, pour boiling water over sugar. Stir until sugar has dissolved; refrigerate until cool.
Purée mint leaves with 1/4 cup cooled syrup in a blender. Add peeled, quartered kiwis, and blend until just smooth. Add remaining syrup.
Pour through a cheesecloth-lined fine sieve into a pitcher; discard solids. Stir in ice and 1 liter sparkling water or club soda. (For a cocktail version, add vodka.) Pour into flasks, and serve with straws.


2 c. leftover roasted or boiled sweet potatoes
1¼ c. light-brown sugar
3 large eggs
⅓ c. whole milk
⅓ c. orange juice
2 tbsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. salt
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
¾ c. heavy cream
1 tsp. Sea salt
1 c. toasted pecan halves
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse the first 9 ingredients until smooth. Butter six 4-ounce ramekins. Divide sweet-potato mixture among ramekins; place on a baking sheet and bake until golden and slightly puffed up, about 30 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-low heat, cook 1/4 cup water and granulated sugar until sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes; do not stir. Increase heat to medium-high and boil, without stirring, until syrup becomes a deep-amber color, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in cream. Stir in butter and sea salt. Add pecans and stir to coat. Let cool for 10 minutes.
To serve, top each spoon bread with 1/6 cup of the salted-caramel pecans.


1  pie crust
2 large eggs
1 c. light corn syrup
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. packed light brown sugar
1 tsp. grated orange zest
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. kosher salt
2 c. pecans
¾ c. mini pretzels
¾ c. bittersweet or dark chocolate chips (we used  Ghirardelli)
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Fit the pie crust into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Fold the overhang under itself to create a thicker rim of dough and crimp as desired. Refrigerate until ready to fill.
In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, corn syrup, butter, vanilla, sugar, orange zest, cinnamon, and salt. Stir in the pecans, pretzels, and chocolate chips. Spoon the mixture into the prepared pie crust. Bake for 30 minutes.
Cover the pie with foil and bake until the filling is puffed and the center is just set, 15 to 20 minutes more. Transfer the pie to a wire rack and let cool to room temperature.


5 oz. vanilla wafer cookies
5 oz. gingersnap cookies
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 envelope powdered gelatin
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. ground allspice
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
¼ tsp. kosher salt
⅔ c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs
1 large egg white
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
2½ c. heavy cream
1 can pumpkin purée
1  navel orange
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse the cookies to form fine crumbs (you should have about 2 cups). Add the melted butter and pulse to combine.
Press the crumbs into the bottom and up the sides of a 10-inch pie dish. Bake until the edges of the crust are beginning to brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.
Meanwhile, pour 1/4 cup water into a medium saucepan. Sprinkle the gelatin over the top and let stand for 5 minutes. Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the gelatin dissolves, about 2 minutes.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the cinnamon, ginger, allspice, nutmeg, salt, and 1/3 cup sugar. Add the egg yolks, vanilla, and 1/2 cup heavy cream and mix to combine. Add to the gelatin mixture and cook over medium-low heat, stirring often, until the mixture thickens (it should thickly coat the back of a spoon), 15 to 18 minutes. Stir in the pumpkin and cook for 5 minutes. Transfer to a medium bowl and let cool to room temperature, 45 to 50 minutes.
Using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites until thick and foamy. Gradually add the remaining 1/3 cup sugar (1 tablespoon at a time) until stiff glossy peaks form, about 3 minutes.
Stir 1/3 of the egg white mixture into the pumpkin mixture. Gently fold the remaining egg whites into the pumpkin mixture until no white streaks remain. Spread the filling evenly into the cooled crust. Refrigerate until set, at least 4 hours or up to 2 days.
Twenty minutes before serving, make the orange cream. Cut the orange in half and squeeze 1 tablespoon of juice into a large bowl. Add the remaining 2 cups cream and, using an electric mixer, beat until stiff peaks form. Top the pie with the cream, then grate the zest of the remaining orange half over the top.


2  pork tenderloins
2 tbsp. jerk seasoning
1½ c. converted (parboiled) white rice
1 can black beans
2 tbsp. Chopped cilantro
¼ tsp. Pepper
1 container peeled and cored fresh pineapple
¼ c. each chopped cilantro and finely chopped red onion
.13 tsp. salt and pepper
1  peeled avocado
Lightly oil, then heat a ridged grill pan or outdoor barbecue grill.
Pork: Rub with jerk seasoning. Grill, browning all sides, 25 to 30 minutes until a meat thermometer inserted in center registers 160°F. Reserve and wrap one tenderloin. Refrigerate up to 3 days. Let other rest 8 to 10 minutes before cutting in 1/3-in.-thick slices.
Meanwhile prepare rice: Cook as box directs but omit oil or butter. Reserve and refrigerate 3 cups up to 3 days. Stir black beans, cilantro and pepper into remaining rice.
Mix Salsa ingredients plus 1/3 cup reserved pineapple juice. Serve with sliced pork and avocado; accompany with rice and beans.


2 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. finely ground cornmeal
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. unsalted butter
4 oz. extra-sharp white Cheddar
2  egg yolks
1  egg
2 tbsp. ice water
1  navel orange
1  lemon
4 c. mixed dried fruit (cranberries, golden and dark  raisins, plus apricots, quartered)
1½ c. fresh cranberries
½ c. brandy
½ c. packed brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. freshly grated or ground nutmeg
1½ c. apricot jam
Ice cream
8  tart pans with removable bottoms
Harvest Piecrust Cutters
In a food processor, combine the flour, cornmeal, and salt. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the Cheddar and pulse until just combined (the mixture will not come together yet).
In a small bowl, whisk together the 2 egg yolks and ice water. Add to the flour mixture and pulse until the dough is crumbly but has not formed into a ball. Transfer to a lightly floured surface and knead just until the dough comes together. Shape into a 1 inch thick disk, wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.
Meanwhile, grate the orange and lemon zest into a small bowl, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use.
Squeeze the orange and lemon (you should have 1/2 cup orange and 1/4 cup lemon juice) into a large saucepan. Stir in the dried fruit, cranberries, brandy, sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the fresh cranberries begin to burst, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Stir in the apricot jam and reserved zest.
Make a stencil for the tart crust: Place a tart tin top-down on a piece of paper and, using it as a guide, draw a circle 1 inch larger than the tin; cut out the stencil.
On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough to 1/8 inch thick. Using the stencil, cut out 8 rounds, chilling and rerolling scraps as necessary. Fit the cutouts into the bottom and up the sides of the tart tins. Cut away any overhanging dough by gently rolling a rolling pin over the rim of the tart tin. Reserve scraps. Place the tart tins on a baking sheet and refrigerate until ready to fill.
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl, beat the egg. Roll out dough scraps and cut out acorns and leaves. Divide the fruit mixture among the prepared tart tins (about 1/2 cup each). Top the tarts with the acorn and leaf cutouts and brush the cutouts with egg. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 35 minutes. Serve with ice cream, if desired.


1
1 c. Pecan halves
2 tbsp. butter
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. sugar
1 c. dark corn syrup
1 tbsp. dark rum
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 large eggs
whipped cream
With
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cover prepared pie shell with parchment, leaving a bit of overhang, and add enough pie weights or dried beans to cover bottom. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove parchment and weights, and bake crust until golden brown, 5 to 7 more minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool.
Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine pecans with 1 tablespoon butter and salt. Spread on a baking pan and toast until fragrant, 8 to 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine sugar, corn syrup, rum, vanilla, and remaining butter. Stir in eggs. Add toasted pecans. Pour filling into cooled piecrust.
Bake on the bottom rack until the center of the pie feels gelatin-like when pressed with the back of a spoon, 50 to 60 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.


4 large egg yolks
¼ c. sugar
1 pinch salt
½  vanilla bean
1 c. whole milk
1 c. heavy cream
Prepare an ice-water bath. Beat yolks, sugar, and salt with a mixer on high speed until pale yellow and thick, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, scrape vanilla seeds into a medium saucepan, and add pod, milk, and cream. Bring to a boil, then remove from heat.
Reduce mixer speed to low; gradually mix half the hot milk mixture into yolk mixture until just combined. Pour yolk-milk mixture into saucepan with remaining milk mixture. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until thick enough to coat back of spoon and hold a line drawn by your finger, 5 to 7 minutes. Strain mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl. Place bowl in ice-water bath, and let stand, stirring occasionally, until chilled.


1¼ c. whole natural almonds
1 tsp. cornstarch
4 large eggs
¾ c. sugar
2 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ tsp. Coarse salt
¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
1 stick cinnamon
5 strip lemon zest
4  firm, ripe Anjou or Bartlett pears
1 c. heavy cream
¼ c. sour cream
Make cake:
Make pears and topping:
In a large bowl, whisk heavy cream until soft peaks form. Whisk in sour cream and 2 tablespoons sugar; continue to whisk until soft peaks return. Serve cake with pears, syrup, and whipped cream.


10 small pears, preferably Forelle
5  quinces
1  lemon
2 oz. unsalted butter
c. sugar
6  tangerines
2  vanilla beans
2 c. dry white wine

Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place pears and quinces in 2 separate bowls, and squeeze lemon over pieces (fruit will brown slightly).
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in each of 2 large ovenproof skillets over medium-high heat. Add pears to 1 skillet and quinces to other skillet. Divide sugar, tangerine zest, and vanilla pods and seeds evenly between skillets. Cook for 5 minutes, tossing. Divide tangerine juice and wine evenly between skillets.
Transfer skillets to oven, and roast, basting often with pan juices, until fruits are tender when pierced with a sharp knife, about 30 minutes for the pears and 1 hour for the quinces. Combine fruit, and serve warm or at room temperature with


16  graham crackers
½ c. unsalted butter
1 pt. vanilla ice cream
1 c. roughly chopped chocolate flaky-crisp candy bars
1 pt. chocolate ice cream
1 c. roughly chopped chocolate-coconut candy bars
2 tbsp. chocolate chips
6  oval chocolate sandwich cookies
12  candy skulls
20  chocolate wafers
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a food processor, process graham crackers until finely ground (you should have about 2 cups). With motor running, add butter in a slow, steady stream and pulse until combined. Firmly press crumb mixture into bottom and up side of a 9 1/2-inch pie plate. Bake until crust is dry and set, about 20 minutes. Let cool completely in plate on a wire rack, 45 minutes.
In a medium bowl, stir vanilla ice cream with a wooden spoon until smooth. Fold in flaky-crisp candy bars. With a small offset spatula, spread ice cream mixture evenly in crust. Freeze until firm, 1 hour 20 minutes.
Stir chocolate ice cream until smooth. Fold in coconut candy bars and spread evenly on top of vanilla ice cream layer. Freeze until firm, 1 hour.
Meanwhile, with a small spoon, place a dot of melted chocolate at one end of each sandwich cookie half. Immediately top with candy skulls and let set. In clean food processor, pulse wafers until finely ground (you should have about 1 1/4 cups). Spread crumbs on top of pie. With a knife, cut slits for "tombstones" and press cookie halves, cut side down, into slits. Serve immediately.


Black sanding sugar
1 wedge lime
ice
1 tbsp. fresh lime juice
1 oz. light rum
3 tbsp. simple syrup
¼ c. 100 percent pomegranate juice
1 oz. dark rum

Spread black sanding sugar on a saucer. Rub a lime wedge around the rim of a glass, then dip in sugar to coat. Add ice to glass.
Fill a cocktail shaker with ice, and add fresh lime juice, light rum, simple syrup, and pomegranate juice. Shake 30 seconds. Strain into glass, leaving space at top. Gently pour in dark rum so it floats on top. Garnish with licorice spider tied to a stirrer.


Black licorice
Scissors
Loop a 36-inch-long black licorice lace around three fingers four times.
Remove fingers and wrap long end of lace around middle of bundle three times. Tuck loose end under last wrap and pull through to secure.
Cut through the ends of the bundle to create 8 dangling legs on each side.




¼ c. water
1 c. sugar
2 whole star anise
¼ tsp. salt
2 tsp. fresh lemon juice
4 lb. ripe, firm Bartlett pears
6 oz. mild blue cheese, preferably Fourme d'Ambert
1 c. walnuts
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Bring water and 3/4 cup sugar to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Cook, swirling pan occasionally if sugar darkens unevenly, until mixture turns dark amber. Pour caramel into a 6 1/2-inch charlotte mold that's 3 1/2 inches deep, swirling mold to coat bottom and sides. (Caramel may crack as it cools.)
Place star anise in a small bowl. Combine salt and remaining 1/4 cup sugar in another small bowl. Place lemon juice in a third small bowl.
Peel 3 pears. Using a mandoline or a handheld slicer, slice each pear lengthwise 1/8 inch thick, stopping at the core and turning over to slice the opposite half.
Arrange 1 layer of pear slices in a tight, overlapping circle in mold, working counterclockwise to cover the bottom. Brush lightly with lemon juice, and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon sugar mixture. Arrange next layer of pear slices in a tight, overlapping circle, working clockwise to cover previous layer. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon sugar mixture and a pinch of star anise. Repeat slicing and layering with remaining pears. Continue to switch directions, and alternate lemon juice and star anise. Leave 1/2 inch of space at the top of mold.
Cover mold with foil. Place in a large roasting pan, and transfer to oven. Carefully pour boiling water into pan to come halfway up sides of mold. Bake until a tester inserted into center meets no resistance, 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 hours. Transfer to a wire rack, uncover, and let cool for 10 minutes.
Place a pie dish or a rimmed plate over mold, and quickly invert. Remove mold. Using a spatula, transfer terrine to a platter, reserving sauce in dish.
Pour sauce into a small saucepan, and boil until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Let cool. Slice terrine, and serve warm with sauce and, if desired, blue cheese and walnuts.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
1 large egg
Small candies or sprinkles
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa, and salt; set aside.
In a large bowl, with an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy; beat in egg. On low speed, mix in flour mixture. Divide dough in half, and form into 2 disks, each about 3/4 inch thick. Wrap disks in plastic; chill until firm, at least 45 minutes and up to 2 days.
On a lightly floured sheet of waxed paper, using a floured rolling pin, roll dough 1/2 inch thick. (If dough becomes too soft to work with, refrigerate for a few minutes.)
Using 2- to 3-inch Halloween cookie cutters, cut out shapes, dipping cutters in flour as necessary to prevent sticking; place on a baking sheet, spacing them 1 inch apart.
Bake until surface is dry to the touch, 10 to 15 minutes (if decorating, press candies into dough halfway through baking). Cool cookies 1 to 2 minutes on baking sheet; transfer to a rack to cool completely.


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. fine salt
½ c. natural peanut butter
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
¼ c. buttermilk
¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
48  miniature chocolate peanut-butter cups
48 piece candy corn
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with racks in upper and lower thirds. Line two 24-cup mini muffin pans with paper liners. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat together peanut butter, butter, and brown sugar on high until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in egg and egg yolk, scraping down bowl as needed. With mixer on low, beat in flour mixture, buttermilk, and vanilla until combined.
With the large end of a melon baller or a spoon, place 2 teaspoons batter into each muffin cup, then press a peanut-butter candy into each center until batter aligns with top edge of candy. Bake until puffed and set, about 10 minutes, rotating pans halfway through. Immediately place a piece of candy corn on top of each cupcake; let cool completely in pans on wire racks.


½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. fine salt
1¼ c. sugar
½ lb. bittersweet chocolate chips
3 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
32  miniature chocolate peppermint patties
Candy eyes, chocolate chips, and icing pens
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter an 8-inch square metal baking pan and line with parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang on all sides. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt. In a medium saucepan, melt butter, sugar, and bittersweet chocolate over medium, stirring frequently, until smooth. Add to flour mixture and stir to combine. Stir in eggs and vanilla, then let cool to room temperature, 10 minutes.
Transfer batter to pan. Press 16 peppermint patties evenly into batter and, with a small offset spatula, evenly spread batter to completely cover patties.
Bake until cake is puffed and just set, about 35 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack, 25 minutes, then top with 16 peppermint patties. Let cool 25 minutes more, then decorate peppermint patties with candy eyes and chocolate chip ears. Refrigerate until chocolate is set, 5 minutes. Using parchment, lift cake from pan and cut into 16 squares. Decorate with icing pens.


1 c. pure Concord grape juice
¾ c. fresh lemon juice
⅔ c. sugar
6  raisins
12 small honeydew melon balls
In a medium bowl, whisk together juices, sugar, and  1/2 cup water until sugar dissolves. Slightly flatten each raisin half and press one against flat side of each melon ball. Using a skewer, wedge 2 melon balls, raisins facing out, in bottom third of each of six 3-ounce ice-pop molds. Pour juice mixture into each mold, insert ice-pop sticks, and freeze until solid, about 3 hours (or up to 1 week).


Cooking spray
9 tbsp. unsalted butter
12 c. miniature marshmallows
¾ tsp. fine salt
9 c. crisp puffed-rice cereal
1 tbsp. grated orange zest
Yellow food coloring
red food coloring
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
Lightly coat a 5- by 9-inch loaf pan with cooking spray. In a large saucepan, melt 3 tablespoons unsalted butter over medium. Add 4 cups miniature marshmallows and 1/4 teaspoon fine salt; stir until melted. Stir in 3 cups crisp puffed-rice cereal and immediately transfer to pan. Coat an offset spatula with cooking spray and firmly press mixture into an even layer.
Rinse saucepan. Repeat step 1 twice: To second batch, add orange zest and enough yellow and red food coloring to tint marshmallow mixture orange before adding cereal, then press into pan. To third batch, add lemon zest and enough yellow food coloring to tint marshmallow mixture yellow. Press third batch into pan.
Let set 2 hours (or overnight). Run a small knife around edges of pan and invert loaf onto a cutting board. With a serrated knife, cut loaf into 10 slices. Cut each slice in half crosswise.
Using your hands, gently mold each treat into a candy-corn shape.


4 c. Concord grape juice
750 mL sparkling white wine or apple cider
½ c. lime juice
1 pt. raspberry sorbet
In a large pitcher, combine grape juice, wine, and lime juice. Scoop sorbet into eight small glasses and top with grape juice mixture. Serve immediately.


6 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. superfine sugar
1  overripe banana
1 large egg
1 c. whole milk
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 pinch salt
¾ c. pure maple syrup
½ c. light brown sugar
2 tbsp. bourbon
¼ c. finely chopped pecans
vanilla ice cream
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a deep, 2-quart baking or soufflé dish, melt the butter in the microwave. Whisk in the superfine sugar and banana, mashing until thoroughly combined. Whisk in the egg and milk.
In a bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt; whisk into the baking dish until combined (the batter will be pretty loose).
In a microwave-safe cup, heat the maple syrup, light brown sugar, and 1/2 cup of hot water at high power until hot, 1 minute. Add the bourbon. Drizzle the syrup mixture over the batter; it will seep to the bottom. Do not stir. Scatter the pecans on top.
Set the dish on a rimmed baking sheet and bake for 40 minutes, until the cake is golden. Let cool for 5 minutes, then scoop into bowls, and serve with ice cream.


½ c. walnuts
11  digestive biscuits
2½ oz. salted pretzels
1 stick unsalted butter
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. packed dark brown sugar
¼ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 pt. mint chocolate chip ice cream
5 oz. dark chocolate
2 tbsp. heavy cream
1 tbsp. corn syrup
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 8- by 8-inch baking dish with parchment paper, leaving a few inches of overhang all around.
Spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and bake for about 5 minutes, until lightly toasted. Cool, chop, and transfer to a large bowl.
Meanwhile, in a food processor, pulse the biscuits until fine crumbs form; add to the walnuts. In a resealable plastic bag, crush the pretzels with a rolling pin until small chunks form; add the pretzels to the walnuts.
In a large saucepan, melt the stick of butter over very low heat. Add the brown sugar and cocoa powder and whisk until smooth. Slowly drizzle the egg and vanilla into the saucepan, whisking, until thickened, 2 minutes. Mix in the walnut mixture. Press the mixture into the prepared baking dish in an even layer and refrigerate the cookie base for 30 minutes.
Spread 1 1/2 pints of the ice cream over the cookie base and freeze for 2 hours. Reserve the remaining ice cream for another use.
Meanwhile, in a heatproof medium bowl, combine the chocolate, heavy cream, corn syrup, and the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Place the bowl over a saucepan of simmering water; make sure the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water. Stir until the chocolate is melted and the ganache is smooth. Let cool to room temperature.
Pour the ganache over the ice cream and spread it evenly. Freeze for 2 hours, until set. Cut into 8 bars and serve.


8 oz. peanut butter sandwich cookies
salt
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. creamy peanut butter
4 oz. cream cheese
½ c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
1¾ c. heavy cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. salted roasted peanuts
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse the cookies with 1/4 teaspoon of salt until finely ground. Scrape the cookies into a 9-inch pie plate. Stir in the melted butter, 1/2 tablespoon at a time, until the crumbs are the texture of wet sand; you may not need to use all of the butter. Using your fingers, press the crumbs evenly over the bottom and up the side of the pie plate. Freeze the crust for 15 minutes.
Bake the crust for about 10 minutes, until lightly golden. Let cool on a rack.
In a medium bowl, combine the peanut butter with the cream cheese, 1/2 cup of sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon of salt and mix until thoroughly blended. In another bowl, whip 3/4 cup of the heavy cream until stiff. Whisk the whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture. Spread the peanut butter filling in the crust in an even layer. Refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes.
In the same whipped-cream bowl, whip the remaining 1 cup of heavy cream and 2 tablespoons of sugar with the vanilla until stiff. Spread the whipped cream over the pie. Sprinkle the pie with the chopped peanuts, cut into slices, and serve.


1  quantity
⅓ c. crunchy peanut butter
1½ oz. natural raspberry flavor gelatin
4½ oz. milk coffee cookies
2¾ oz. butter
Lightly spray a 8- by 8-inch cake tin with oil. Line the base with non-stick baking paper, extending the paper up and over two opposite sides. Spray the paper lightly with oil.
To make the base, combine the cookie crumbs and butter. Press into the base of the prepared tin, then refrigerate until firm.
Prepare the marshmallow mixture as instructed, omitting the orange zest. While the marshmallow is whipping, warm the peanut butter in a small microwave-safe bowl in the microwave on Medium (50 percent) in 15-second bursts until softened slightly, but not hot.
When the marshmallow is ready, spoon about half into a separate bowl. Add the softened peanut butter and fold with a large spoon or spatula to gently combine. Return this mixture to the remaining marshmallow and fold through, stirring and lifting the mixture only 2–3 times. Spoon over the prepared base. The mixture will be slightly swirled. Stand for about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, prepare the gelatin following the packet instructions. Cool slightly, then pour into a shallow dish and refrigerate until the jelly starts to thicken to a consistency similar to egg white. Pour over the marshmallow and refrigerate for 2–3 hours, until set. Remove from the tin and cut into squares.


10 oz. whipping cream
1  quantity
⅓ c. milk
1 tbsp. crème de menthe liqueur
1 tbsp. white crème de cacao liqueur
green food coloring
Sugar bugs or chocolate curls to decorate (see tips)
2¼ c. chocolate ripple cookies
4½ oz. butter
Spray a 10.5-inch fluted loose-based flan tin with oil.
To make the base, combine the cookie crumbs and butter. Press into the base of the oiled tin, then refrigerate until firm. Whip the cream until firm peaks just form, then cover and refrigerate until required.
Prepare the marshmallow mixture as instructed, dissolving the gelatin in the milk instead of water. Omit the orange zest and carefully fold in the liqueurs when the marshmallow is thick. Ensure you beat the marshmallow mixture until it has reached room temperature or you will melt the cream. Use a large spoon or spatula to gently fold the whipped cream and a few drops of food coloring into the marshmallow mixture.
Remove the base from the fridge and carefully loosen it in the tin. Use a spatula to scrape the marshmallow mixture into the base and refrigerate for 1–2 hours, until set. Decorate with chocolate curls and serve with extra cream, if desired.


1¼ c. castor (superfine) sugar
2 tsp. glucose syrup
1 tbsp. powdered gelatin
1 large egg white
½ tsp. finely grated orange zest
Almond praline, broken into shards
½ c. whipping cream
⅓ c. lemon and lime curd
¼ c. whipping cream
3½ oz. dark chocolate
Lightly spray a 10- by 12-inch baking tin with oil, line the base and two long sides with non-stick baking paper and lightly spray the paper with oil. Set aside 1/3 cup water in a small, deep heavy-based saucepan. Stir over low heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil and simmer, without stirring, until the syrup reaches 260 degrees F on a sugar thermometer (this is the upper end of the hard-ball stage). The amount of syrup is quite small, so ensure your thermometer is immersed in the syrup without touching the base of the pan.
Meanwhile, slowly sprinkle the gelatin over 1/3 cold water in a shallow microwave-safe bowl and set aside for 5 minutes. Heat in the microwave for 30–45 seconds on High (100 percent), or until the gelatin has dissolved.
When the sugar syrup reaches 239 degrees F, whisk the egg white in an electric mixer with a whisk attachment on medium speed. When frothy, increase the speed to medium–high and gradually add the reserved sugar, whisking until thick and glossy. Keep the mixer running on medium speed. When the sugar syrup reaches 260 degrees F, turn off the heat. When the bubbles subside, carefully add the dissolved gelatin – take care, as the mixture may bubble up.
Increase the mixer speed to medium–high and gradually pour the hot syrup mixture down the inside of the bowl in a thin, steady stream. Increase the speed to high and continue whisking until the mixture is thick. Add the orange zest and whisk until the mixture is very thick and holds its shape, about 8–10 minutes, depending on your mixer. The outside of the bowl should almost be at room temperature.
Use a spatula to scrape the marshmallow mixture into the prepared tin and smooth the surface. Stand for 1–2 hours, until set.
Meanwhile, to make the filling, whip the cream until firm peaks just form. Fold in the curd, then cover and refrigerate until required. To make the ganache, heat the cream in a small saucepan until it just comes to a simmer. Remove from the heat, add the chocolate and stir until smooth. Set aside at room temperature.
Turn the marshmallow out onto a piece of non-stick baking paper lightly sprayed with oil, with a short side facing you. Spread the filling over the marshmallow, leaving a 2 inch border on the short side furthest from you. Roll up the marshmallow, starting at the short side closest to you, to enclose the filling. Place on a serving plate, seam side down. Drizzle with the ganache and top with the praline shards.


1  quantity Double raspberry marshmallow
1 lb. 2 ounces strawberries
4½ oz. fresh or frozen raspberries
¼ c. castor (superfine) sugar
2.00-3 tbsp. brandy
10 oz. whipping cream
⅔ c. thick Greek-style yogurt
1¾ oz. meringues
11 oz. frozen raspberries
2 c. superfine sugar
1 tbsp. glucose syrup
1 tbsp. powdered gelatin
2 large egg whites
3 oz. raw sugar
Double Raspberry Marshmallow: Lightly spray an 8- by 12-inch slice tin with oil, line the base and two long sides with non-stick baking paper and lightly spray the paper with oil. Puree the raspberries, then strain through a fine sieve and discard the seeds. You will need 7 fluid ounces raspberry puree for this recipe.
Combine 2 cups of the sugar, the glucose and 3/4 cup water in a small, deep heavy-based saucepan. Stir over low heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil and simmer, without stirring, until the syrup reaches 250 degrees F on a sugar thermometer (hard-ball stage). Watch it carefully, as the syrup has a tendency to bubble up.
Meanwhile, slowly sprinkle the gelatin over 7 fluid ounces of the raspberry puree in a shallow microwave-safe bowl and whisk to combine. Set aside for 5 minutes. Heat in the microwave for 30–45 seconds on High (100 percent), or until the gelatin has dissolved.
When the sugar syrup reaches 234 degrees F, whisk the egg whites in an electric mixer with a whisk attachment on medium speed. When frothy, increase the speed to medium–high and gradually add the remaining sugar, whisking until thick and glossy. Keep the mixer running on medium speed.
When the sugar syrup reaches 250 degrees F, turn off the heat. When the bubbles subside, carefully add the gelatin mixture – take care, as the syrup may bubble up.
Increase the mixer speed to medium–high and gradually pour the hot syrup mixture down the inside of the bowl in a thin, steady stream. Increase the speed to high and whisk until the mixture is very thick and holds its shape, about 6–8 minutes, depending on your mixer. The outside of the bowl should almost be at room temperature.
Use a spatula to scrape the marshmallow mixture into the prepared tin and smooth the surface. Stand for 2–3 hours, until set.
Meanwhile, to make the raspberry sugar coating, preheat the oven to 230 degrees F and line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Combine the sugar and the remaining raspberry puree in a small bowl. Spread over the prepared tray and cook for 40–45 minutes or until dry. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. Crumble the raspberry sugar if clumps have formed.
Turn the marshmallow out onto a clean surface and cut into shapes with cutters or a large knife sprayed lightly with oil. Roll in the raspberry sugar.
Raspberry Marshmallow Mess: Prepare the marshmallow as instructed above. Once set, turn out onto a clean surface and cut one-third of the slab into approximately 1/2-inch pieces with a large knife sprayed lightly with oil. Keep the remaining marshmallow for another use.
Place half the strawberries in a large bowl and roughly mash. Add the marshmallow, raspberries, sugar, brandy and remaining strawberries. Stir well and set aside to macerate.
Beat the cream and yogurt until firm peaks just form. Do not over-beat. Gently fold in two-thirds of the marshmallow mixture. Layer in individual serving glasses with pieces of meringue and the remaining marshmallow mixture. Serve immediately.


1  quantity
2 tbsp. raspberry jam
⅓ c. sugar
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
Lightly spray four 12-hole round-based gem irons, 1 fluid ounce silicon baking molds or 1 fluid ounce mini muffin pans with oil.
Prepare the marshmallow mixture as instructed.
Transfer the mixture to 2 large piping bags fitted with plain nozzles and pipe into the oiled molds, ensuring you do not over-fill them. The top of the marshmallow mixture should be flush with the tops of the holes. Use a teaspoon dunked in very hot water, then dried, to scoop a slight indent in the center of each marshmallow. This is where the jam will go. Spoon about 1/8 teaspoon of jam into each indent. Stand for 1–2 hours, until set.
Meanwhile, to make the coating, mix the sugar and cinnamon together.
Carefully slide 2 marshmallows out of their holes and sandwich together. They should be sticky enough to join together securely. Repeat with the remaining marshmallows, then roll in the coating.




10  passionfruits
2¼ c. castor (superfine) sugar
1 tbsp. glucose syrup
1½ tbsp. powdered gelatine
2 large egg whites
3 c. shredded coconut
Lightly spray four 12-hole round-based gem irons, 1 fluid ounce silicon baking molds or 1 fluid ounce mini muffin pans with oil. Scoop the passionfruit pulp into a sieve set over a shallow microwave-safe bowl to catch the juice. Discard the seeds. You will need fluid ounces of juice for this recipe. If you do not have quite enough juice, make up the difference with water.
Combine 2 cups of the sugar, the glucose and 3/4 cup water in a small, deep heavy-based saucepan. Stir over low heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil and simmer, without stirring, until the syrup reaches 250 degrees F on a sugar thermometer (hard-ball stage). Watch it carefully, as the syrup has a tendency to bubble up.
Meanwhile, slowly sprinkle the gelatine over the passionfruit juice and set aside for 5 minutes. Heat in the microwave for 30–45 seconds on High (100 percent), or until the gelatine has dissolved.
When the sugar syrup reaches 234 degrees F, whisk the egg whites in an electric mixer with a whisk attachment on medium speed. When frothy, increase the speed to medium–high and gradually add the remaining sugar, whisking until thick and glossy. Keep the mixer running on medium speed.
When the sugar syrup reaches 250 degrees F, turn off the heat. When the bubbles subside, carefully add the gelatine mixture – take care, as the syrup may bubble up.
Increase the mixer speed to medium–high and gradually pour the hot syrup mixture down the inside of the bowl in a thin, steady stream. Increase the speed to high and continue whisking until the mixture is very thick and holds its shape, about 8–10 minutes, depending on your mixer. The outside of the bowl should almost be at room temperature.
Spoon or pipe the marshmallow mixture into the oiled molds, ensuring the surface of each is flat. Stand for 2–3 hours, until firm but sticky.
Slide 2 marshmallows out of their moulds and sandwich together. They should be sticky enough to join together securely. Repeat with the remaining marshmallows, then roll in the coconut to cover completely.


2¼ c. castor (superfine) sugar
1 tbsp. glucose syrup
2 tbsp. powdered gelatin
2 large egg whites
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
2  vanilla beans
½ c. raw (demerara) sugar
2 tbsp. firmly packed basil leaves
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
Lightly spray a 10- by 12-inch baking tin with oil, line the base and two long sides with non-stick baking paper and lightly spray the paper with oil. Combine 2 cups of the sugar, the glucose and 3/4 cup water in a small, deep heavy-based saucepan. Stir over low heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil and simmer, without stirring, until the syrup reaches 260 degrees F on a sugar thermometer (this is the upper end of the hard-ball stage). Watch it carefully, as the syrup has a tendency to bubble up.
Meanwhile, slowly sprinkle the gelatin over 3/4 cup cold water in a shallow microwave-safe bowl and set aside for 5 minutes. Heat in the microwave for 30–45 seconds on High (100 percent), or until the gelatin has dissolved.
When the sugar syrup reaches 239 degrees F, whisk the egg whites in an electric mixer with a whisk attachment on medium speed. When frothy, increase the speed to medium–high and gradually add the remaining sugar, whisking until thick and glossy. Keep the mixer running on medium speed. When the sugar syrup reaches 260 degrees F, turn off the heat. When the bubbles subside, carefully add the dissolved gelatin – take care, as the mixture may bubble up.
Increase the mixer speed to medium–high and gradually pour the hot syrup mixture down the inside of the bowl in a thin, steady stream. Increase the speed to high and continue whisking until the mixture is thick. Add the lemon zest and vanilla seeds or paste and whisk until the mixture is very thick and holds its shape, about 10–12 minutes, depending on your mixer. The outside of the bowl should almost be at room temperature.
Use a spatula to scrape the marshmallow mixture into the prepared tin and smooth the surface. Stand for 2–3 hours, until set.
Meanwhile, to make the basil sugar coating, preheat the oven to 230 degrees F and line a baking tray with non-stick baking paper. Put the sugar and basil in a small food processor and pulse briefly until just combined. Do not over-process. Spread over the prepared tray and cook for 12–15 minutes or until dry. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. Crumble the basil sugar if clumps have formed. In a separate bowl, sift the icing sugar and cornflour together for the coating. Dust the top of the marshmallow with some of the coating and turn out onto a clean surface. Dust the bottom with more coating, dusting off the excess. Use a large knife sprayed lightly with oil to cut the marshmallow into bite-sized pieces. Roll the sticky sides of each marshmallow piece in the basil sugar.


2¼ c. castor (superfine) sugar
1 tbsp. glucose syrup
2 tbsp. powdered gelatine
2 large egg whites
2 tsp. vanilla bean paste or vanilla extract
Colored sanding sugar to decorate (see tips)
20  lollipop sticks (see tips)
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
Lightly spray a 10- by 12-inch baking tin with oil, line the base and two long sides with non-stick baking paper and lightly spray the paper with oil.
Combine 2 cups of the sugar, the glucose and 3/4 cup water in a small, deep heavy-based saucepan. Stir over low heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil and simmer, without stirring, until the syrup reaches 260 degrees F on a sugar thermometer (this is the upper end of the hard-ball stage). Watch it carefully, as the syrup has a tendency to bubble up.
Meanwhile, slowly sprinkle the gelatine over 3/4 cup cold water in a shallow microwave-safe bowl and set aside for 5 minutes. Heat in the microwave for 30–45 seconds on High (100 percent), or until the gelatine has dissolved and the liquid is clear.
When the sugar syrup reaches 239 degrees F, whisk the egg whites in an electric mixer with a whisk attachment on medium speed. When frothy, increase the speed to medium–high and gradually add the remaining sugar, whisking until thick and glossy. Keep the mixer running on medium speed.
When the sugar syrup reaches 260 degrees F, turn off the heat. When the bubbles subside, carefully add the dissolved gelatine – take care, as the mixture may bubble up.
Increase the mixer speed to medium–high and gradually pour the hot syrup mixture down the inside of the bowl in a thin, steady stream. Increase the speed to high and continue whisking until the mixture is thick. Add the vanilla bean paste or extract and whisk until the mixture is very thick and holds its shape, about 10–12 minutes, depending on your mixer. The outside of the bowl should almost be at room temperature.
Use a spatula to scrape the marshmallow mixture into the prepared tin and smooth the surface. Stand for 2–3 hours, until set.
Meanwhile, to make the coating, sift the confectioners' sugar and cornstarch together.
Dust the top of the marshmallow with some of the coating and turn out onto a clean surface. Dust the bottom with more coating. Use a variety of cutters or a large knife sprayed lightly with oil to cut the marshmallow into bite-sized pieces. Roll the sticky sides of each marshmallow in the sanding sugar or toss in the remaining coating, dusting off the excess. Carefully insert the lollipop sticks.


¾ c. milk
3  chai tea bags
2¼ c. castor (superfine) sugar
1 tbsp. glucose syrup
2 tbsp. powdered gelatin
2 large egg whites
⅓ c. sugar
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. ground star anise
Lightly spray a 8- by 12-inch slice tin with oil, line the base and two long sides with non-stick baking paper and lightly spray the paper with oil. Bring the milk to a simmer in a small saucepan, add the tea bags and infuse for 5 minutes to make a strong tea. Cool slightly.
Combine 2 cups of the sugar, the glucose and 3/4 cup water in a small, deep heavy-based saucepan. Stir over low heat until the sugar dissolves. Bring to the boil and simmer, without stirring, until the syrup reaches 260 degrees F on a sugar thermometer (this is the upper end of the hard-ball stage). Watch it carefully, as the syrup has a tendency to bubble up.
Meanwhile, pour the chai into a shallow microwave-safe bowl, slowly whisk in the gelatin and set aside for 5 minutes. Heat in the microwave for 30–45 seconds on High (100 percent), or until the gelatin has dissolved.
When the sugar syrup reaches 239 degrees F, whisk the egg whites in an electric mixer with a whisk attachment on medium speed. When frothy, increase the speed to medium–high and gradually add the remaining sugar, whisking until thick and glossy. Keep the mixer running on medium speed.
When the sugar syrup reaches 260 degrees F, turn off the heat and allow the bubbles to subside.
Increase the mixer speed to medium–high and gradually pour the gelatin mixture down the inside of the bowl in a thin, steady stream. Add the hot sugar syrup in the same manner. Increase the speed to high and whisk until the mixture is very thick and holds its shape, about 6–8 minutes, depending on your mixer. The outside of the bowl should almost be at room temperature.
Use a spatula to scrape the marshmallow mixture into the prepared tin and smooth the surface. Stand for 2–3 hours, until set.
Meanwhile, to make the spice sugar coating, mix the sugar and spices together.
Dust the top of the marshmallow with some of the coating and turn out onto a clean surface. Dust the bottom with more coating. Use a large knife sprayed lightly with oil to cut the marshmallow into 15 squares, then cut each square into two triangles. Toss the marshmallow pieces in the remaining coating, dusting off excess.


2 tbsp. butter
⅓ c. sugar
½ tsp. ground ginger
.13 tsp. ground cloves
.13 tsp. ground nutmeg
4  firm, ripe Bartlett pears
3 tbsp. heavy cream
1 c. frozen raspberries
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In an ovenproof skillet, combine butter, sugar, ginger, cloves, and nutmeg. Add pears, cut side down; cover with foil. Bake, turning pears over halfway through, until tender when pierced with the tip of a paring knife, about 25 minutes.
Lift pear halves with a slotted spoon, allowing any juices to drip back into skillet, and divide among four serving plates. Bring liquid in skillet to a boil over medium heat. Add cream; cook until slightly thickened, 1 minute. Stir in raspberries. Spoon sauce over pears; serve.


7 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. unsalted butter
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
3 c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. barley malt syrup (see below)
1 tbsp. barley malt syrup (see below)
2 tsp. fine sea salt
4 tbsp. Beer Reduction
1 tsp. Beer Reduction
2½ c. crushed and sifted crunchy pretzels (see below)
1 tsp. coarse sea salt
6 bottle beer
Grease the bottom and sides of the baking sheet with the 1 teaspoon butter, and set it aside on a heatproof surface.
Combine the cream, sugar, malt syrup, fine sea salt, and the 7 tablespoons butter in a large (6- to 8-quart) stockpot. Stir a couple of times with the heatproof spatula just to make sure there aren’t any big clumps of dry sugar, and then bring to a boil over high heat.
Reduce the heat to medium and insert the candy thermometer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture reaches 252 degrees F (hard ball stage), about 20 minutes. (Watch it closely: once it reaches 240 degrees F(soft ball stage), after about 15 minutes, you’ll want to stay nearby and stir it more frequently as it tends to scorch on the bottom of the pot.) Remove the pot from the heat.
Stir in the Beer Reduction, then the pretzels and coarse sea salt. Mix thoroughly, scraping the bottom of the pot several times to incorporated everything.
Put on your oven mitts and carefully (seriously—please be careful!) pour the caramel onto the prepared baking sheet. Spread it out with the spatula, distributing the pretzel pieces as evenly as possible. Allow it to cool until it’s firm to the touch, 1 to 2 hours.
Run the tip of a sharp chef’s knife around the edges of the baking sheet to loosen the caramel. Turn it out onto the lined cutting board, cut it into 1- by 1 1/2-inch pieces, and wrap them in the wax twisting papers.
Store the caramels in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 weeks (let them come to room temperature before you eat them!).
Beer Reduction: Pour the contents of 3 of the bottles into a large (6 to 8 quart) pot, and place it over high heat. Stir frequently to dissipate the carbonation and prevent the liquid from boiling over. Once the beer is at a rolling boil, slowly add another bottle and, stirring constantly, bring to a boil again. Repeat until all the beer is in the pot.
Cook the beer over high heat, stirring constantly, until all the carbonation has dissipated and it's no longer in danger of boiling over, about 20 minutes.
Reduce the heat to medium and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the volume of the liquid is dramatically reduce (to about 1/2 cup) and the reduction has the consistency of real maple syrup (it will thicken to the consistency of fakey pancake syrup as it cools). Remove from the heat and allow it to cool to room temperature.
Store the reduction in an airtight container. It will keep in the fridge for up to 1 month.


1  batch brandied cherries or high-quality maraschino cherries
2 c. fondant
2 c. chopped dark chocolate
Drain the liquid from the cherries (reserve it if you like). Stack 3 or 4 sheets of paper towel on the counter and place the cherries on them in a single layer; gently pat the tops with another paper towel, and allow the cherries to dry for about 10 minutes.
Place the fondant in a medium-size heatproof bowl, and heat it in the microwave on High in three 10-second intervals, stirring between intervals. (Alternatively, place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and heat, stirring occasionally, until the fondant is warm and the consistency of pancake batter, 5 to 7 minutes.)
Place the cherries in a small bowl, and next to them place the bowl of fondant and then one of the prepared baking sheets.
Taking a cherry by the stem, dip it into the fondant so that the fruit is covered completely to the stem. Lift it out of the fondant, hold it for a few seconds to allow any excess fondant to drip off, and then place it on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat until all the cherries are covered. Set the baking sheet aside in a cool place until the fondant is cool, dry, and firm to the touch, 20 to 30 minutes.
In a second medium-size bowl, temper the 2 cups chocolate, or use the 2 cups chocolate and 1/3 cup oil to make a substitute chocolate coating.
Grabbing a fondant-coated cherry by the stem, dip it in the chocolate so that all of the fondant is covered; hold it above the bowl for a few seconds to allow any excess chocolate to drip off, and then place it on the second prepared baking sheet. Repeat until all the cherries have been dipped. Allow them to set up until the chocolate is firm, 15 to 20 minutes.
Store the cherries in an airtight container at cool room temperature for up to 6 weeks. The longer you leave them, the nice-n-gooier the insides of the cordials will be.


3 c. Nutella
1¼ c. melted dark or milk chocolate
1½ tsp. fine sea salt
½ c. mild vegetable oil
2 c. crushed feuilletine or crushed cornflakes (see below)
3 c. chopped dark chocolate
Place the Nutella in a medium-size bowl, add the melted chocolate, and stir well with a rubber spatula until combined.
Add the sea salt, oil, and feuilletine, and stir to combine. Pour the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet and spread it in an even layer with the spatula. Cover it with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, 60 to 90 minutes.
Run the tip of a sharp chef’s knife around the edge of the candy to loosen it, if necessary. Gently turn it out onto the prepared cutting board.
Temper the 3 cups chocolate or use the 3 cups chocolate and 1/2 cup oil to make a substitute chocolate coating.
Pour 1/2 cup of the chocolate over the top of the candy and spread it into a thin, even layer with the offset spatula. Allow it to set, about 5 minutes.
Place a sheet of parchment paper over the candy and carefully flip it over (the chocolate will be on the bottom). Pour the remaining chocolate over the candy and spread it into an even layer with the offset spatula. Allow it to set up for 2 minutes, then run the tines of a fork through the surface, making a wavy pattern.
Score the surface of the chocolate into 1-inch squares using a sharp chef’s knife. Allow it to set until the chocolate has firmed up slightly but still has some give, about 5 minutes.
Pressing firmly, cut the candy along the score lines. Allow to set completely, 10 minutes. Store the squares, layered with wax or parchment paper, in an airtight container at cool room temperature for up to 3 weeks.


3½ tbsp. unsalted butter
1¾ c. granulated sugar
1½ c. evaporated milk
⅔ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1  vanilla bean
¾ c. light corn syrup
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
1 tbsp. coarse sea salt
Cooking spray or vegetable oil
Grease the baking sheet with the 1 teaspoon butter, and set it aside on a heatproof surface.
Combine the sugar, evaporated milk, heavy cream, and vanilla bean and seeds (if using) in a large (6- to 8-quart) saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, uncovered and without stirring.
Once the mixture has come to a boil, insert the candy thermometer. Add the light corn syrup, and stir gently with the spatula until everything is mixed well. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook, stirring often and making sure to scrape the bottom of the pot to keep the mixture from burning, until the mixture reaches 230 degrees F (thread stage), about 30 minutes.
Add the 3 1/2 tablespoons butter. If you used a vanilla bean, fish it out with a slotted spoon. Stirring continuously, cook the caramel until it reaches 241 degrees F (soft-to-firm ball stage), 15 to 20 minutes; it will be a deep tawny color and have slow, rolling bubbles in the center. Remove it from the heat.
Stir in the salt and vanilla paste or extract (if using), making sure they’re distributed evenly. Put on oven mitts and carefully pour the caramel onto the prepared baking sheet. Allow it to cool completely until it’s firm to the touch, at least 3 hours, preferably overnight. (If it’s humid, cover the caramel tightly with plastic wrap and store it at cool room temperature until you can cut and wrap it in wax paper.)
Lightly oil a sharp chef’s knife with cooking spray, and run the tip around the edge of the baking sheet to release the caramel. Gently turn the caramel out onto the lined cutting board, and cut it into 1-inch squares. Wrap the pieces in wax twisting paper (to turn the squares into little logs, fold each piece over on itself, wrap the twisting paper around it and roll the wrapped caramel against the cutting board, then twist the ends of the paper shut).
Store the caramels in an airtight container, at cool room temperature for up to 4 weeks; they’ll last for up to 3 months in the refrigerator.


1 c. chopped dark chocolate
2 tbsp. nonpareil sprinkles
Temper the chocolate. Place the piping bag in a 2-cup measuring cup or coffee mug, and fold the top edge down over the rim of the cup. Pour the tempered chocolate into the piping bag, twist the top, and secure it with a piece of tape.
Cut off the tip of the bag, about 1/4 inch from the end, and pipe 1-inch disks onto the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle the nonpareil sprinkles evenly over the tops of the disks, and allow the disks to set completely, about 15 minutes.
Store the nonpareils in an airtight container at cool room temperature for up to 6 months.


¼ c. cream cheese
1½ c. creamy commercial peanut butter
10 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tsp. fine sea salt
1 c. almond or peanut flour (see Note)
3 c. confectioners' sugar
4 c. chopped dark chocolate
Coarse sea salt (optional)
Make the centers: Combine all the ingredients in the mixer bowl and beat on medium-high speed until completely incorporated and creamy-looking. Cover and refrigerate the peanut butter mixture until it has firmed up a little (it should be pliable but hold its shape), about 30 minutes.
Scoop up a tablespoon of the mixture, roll it into a ball with your hands, and place it on one of the prepared baking sheets; repeat with the remaining mixture. Once all the mixture has been formed, place the balls in the refrigerator until firm, about 30 minutes. (Any leftover peanut butter mixture can be wrapped tightly in plastic wrap and stored in the fridge for up to a week.)
Prepare the dipping chocolate: Temper the 4 cups dark chocolate or use the 3 cups dark chocolate and 1/2 cup oil. Place the coating of your choice in a large bowl.
Dip the buckeyes: Stick a toothpick into a peanut butter ball and dip it in the chocolate, but don’t submerge it — leave the top quarter undipped. This spot is what makes a buckeye a Buckeye! Transfer the buckeye to the second prepared baking sheet. Pull out the toothpick, twisting it gently, and either use your thumb to carefully smooth out the hole left behind or cover it with a few grains of coarse sea salt. Repeat with the remaining buckeyes.
Allow the buckeyes to set up until the chocolate is firm, 15 to 20 minutes. Store the buckeyes, layered with wax paper, in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 4 weeks.


8 tbsp. unsalted butter
4 c. confectioners' sugar
¼ tsp. pure peppermint oil (see below for variations)
2 tbsp. whole milk
Food coloring (optional)
Combine the butter and the 4 cups confectioners’ sugar in the mixer bowl. Beat on medium-high speed until the mixture is smooth and creamy, 6 to 8 minutes.
Add the peppermint oil and milk, and beat on medium speed until combined.
Lightly dust some confectioners’ sugar onto a cutting board, and turn the dough out onto the board. If you’re using food coloring, add 1 to 2 drops (or more for deeper color) and knead it into the dough with your hands until incorporated. If you’re making multiple colors, divide the dough into several pieces first (one for each color) and add the food coloring to each piece, starting with 1 drop and kneading, adding 1 drop at a time, until the desired colors are reached. Gather each piece of dough into a ball.
Sift more confectioners’ sugar over the cutting board. Divide the dough into 4 pieces (if you haven’t divided it already), and set 3 of the pieces aside, loosely covered in plastic wrap to prevent them from drying out. Using your hands, and dusting them with confectioners’ sugar as needed to reduce any stickiness, gently roll one piece of dough into a log about 1/2 inch in diameter.
Use a sharp chef’s knife to cut the log into ½ inch pieces. Lay the pieces in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet to dry. Repeat with the remaining 3 pieces of dough, and allow the candies to dry at room temperature, uncovered, overnight.
Store the buttermints, layered between parchment or wax paper, in an airtight container at room temperature, away from light, for up to 2 weeks.


1 box yellow or chocolate cake mix
Orange and green gel food coloring
2 c. confectioners' sugar
Orange and green sugars and candy decors
Pretzel rods or sticks Marzipan
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 12 mini Bundt pans with nonstick baking spray.
Prepare cake mix (tinting, if desired) and bake as directed, filling pans halfway with batter.
When cakes are done, unmold onto wire rack; let cool completely.
In 4-cup measuring cup, combine sugar with 3 to 4 tablespoons water to make thick glaze. With sharp knife, trim bottom of each cake flat; assemble into pairs. Using a small amount of glaze drizzled on flat sides of cakes, assemble pairs to form pumpkins.
Drizzle pumpkin cakes with glaze and/or sprinkle with sugar or decors. Break pretzel rods to fit as stems. Moisten pretzels with water and roll in sugar. Insert into centers of pumpkins.
Tint marzipan green for leaves. Roll and cut as desired and place around pretzel stems. Let cakes stand until glaze is set.


2 stick butter
Fine, dried breadcrumbs
Cooking spray
2⅓ c. cake flour
1½ tsp. ground cardamom
1½ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
½ c. shelled pistachios
1½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
4 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. sour cream

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, generously butter a 10- or 12-cup Bundt pan. Dust the pan with breadcrumbs. Coat with cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cardamom, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside. In a food processor, pulse pistachios and 2 tablespoons sugar until finely ground. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat butter and remaining sugar together until light and fluffy. In another medium bowl, whisk eggs and vanilla to combine. Very gradually, add the egg mixture to the butter mixture and beat until very pale yellow. Beat in the pistachio mixture. Reduce mixer speed to low and alternately beat in 2 1/2 tablespoons flour mixture, then 1 tablespoon sour cream, beginning and ending with the flour mixture.
Pour the batter into the prepared Bundt pan, using a rubber spatula. Bake until a wooden toothpick inserted into the cake comes out dry with some moist crumbs attached, 45 to 55 minutes. Transfer the Bundt pan to a wire rack to cool completely; run a small spatula around the center and edge of the pan, and invert the cake onto a cake plate. Drizzle




⅔ c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. espresso powder
¼ tsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tbsp. milk
In a small bowl, whisk together sugar, espresso powder, and cocoa powder. Add milk and stir until just thin enough to drizzle, adding a drop or two more of milk if needed.


1 c. sweetened almond milk
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
.13 tsp. pure almond extract
1 pinch salt
Heat sweetened almond milk. Add chopped bittersweet chocolate, pure almond extract, and a pinch of salt. Let stand until melted. Whisk until smooth.


2¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
8 oz. sharp Cheddar cheese
1½ stick butter
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
4  Granny Smith apples
1 large egg
In a food processor, pulse 2 1/2 cups flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, and salt to combine. Add cheese and pulse to coat. Add butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 1/3 to 1/2 cup cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until dough begins to come together. Transfer dough to a floured surface and knead a couple times. Divide dough and pat into 2 disks. Wrap each disk tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Roll out each dough disk between 2 sheets of parchment paper to 1/8-inch thickness. Transfer one rolled-out disk to a 9-inch pie plate; lightly press against plate, pierce with a fork all over, and refrigerate. Meanwhile, transfer the second rolled-out disk to a floured surface. Using a 1/2-inch square cookie cutter, cut out a lattice as shown, leaving a 1/2-inch border. Transfer to a baking sheet and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Meanwhile, cover the pie plate of prepared dough with foil, leaving a bit of overhang, and add pie weights or dried beans for weights. Bake for 15 minutes, then remove the foil and weights, and bake about 5 more minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine cinnamon and remaining flour and sugar; add apples and toss to coat. Transfer to prepared pie plate, then top with reserved lattice. Crimp edges to seal, and brush the top with egg wash. Place the pie plate on a baking sheet and bake on the middle rack until golden, 50 to 60 minutes. Cover edge of crust with foil if it browns too quickly. Let pie cool for at least 2 hours before serving.


1¼ c. milk
½ c. sugar
4  egg yolks
¼ c. flour
½ tsp. salt
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. sugar
1½ tsp. salt
1½ tbsp. softened butter
1 c. water
½ c. milk
1 tbsp. dry active yeast
1 c. unsalted butter
5 c. grapeseed oil
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. ground cinnamon
1 c. vanilla cream
1 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tbsp. water
Make the vanilla cream:
Make the pastry:
Meanwhile, place the butter in between 2 pieces of parchment paper and using a rolling pin, flatten and shape into an 8-by-8-inch square.
Once butter block is ready, roll out the chilled dough on a lightly floured surface into a 12-by-12-inch square. Place the butter square on top of the dough square so that the corners of the butter block are pointing to the sides of the dough square. Gently fold the corners of the dough over the butter block to meet in the middle. Pinch together the dough at the seams so the butter block is completely sealed. Using a rolling pin, pound the dough slightly to make it easier to roll out. Roll dough out into a 20-by-8-inch rectangle. Brush off any excess flour and fold the dough into thirds, like a letter. Cover with plastic wrap and chill for 1 hour. Repeat the folding and chilling process 2 more times.
Once dough is chilled after its final fold, roll it out on a lightly floured surface into a 6-by-18-inch rectangle. Cut into 6-by-6-inch squares and stack the squares on top of each other. Roll the dough into a 6-by-8-inch rectangle. Using ring cutters, cut 12 donut shapes out of the dough and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Cover the donuts with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until the dough does not spring back when lightly pressed, about 30 minutes.
Place the oil in a large pot and heat to 350 degrees F. Fry donuts for about 1 1/2 minutes, rotating them in the oil halfway through, until they are golden brown all over. Place on a paper towel lined plate to cool.
Assemble:
Inject the pastry with vanilla cream, roll in sugar, and drip glaze over the top.


2  delicata squashes, 1 acorn squash, or 1 sugar pumpkin
1 tbsp. butter
1 tbsp. packed brown sugar or maple syrup
salt
Adult
Child
Adult and Child


6  Bosc pears with stems
2 c. red wine
½ c. sugar
1  lemon
1  cinnamon stick
3 whole cloves
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Adult
Child
Adult and Child
Adult


8 to 10 medium to large apples
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
⅓ c. sugar
1½ tsp. cinnamon
1¾ c. flour
1 tsp. kosher or sea salt
10 tbsp. butter
⅓ c. ice water
1  egg
2 tbsp. turbinado sugar
To make the filling:
Adult
Adult and Child
To make the crust and bake: Adult Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C, or gas mark 5).
Child
Adult and Child
Adult
Adult and Child
Adult
Child
Adult
Adult


⅓ c. fresh lime juice
1½ tbsp. honey
¾ tsp. finely chopped fresh ginger or ground ginger
6 c. bite-sized pieces fruit
In large bowl, stir together fresh lime juice, honey, and ginger.
To bowl, add fruit, tossing to combine. If using bananas, serve immediately.


¼ c. ricotta cheese
1  bagel half
2  strawberries
1 tsp. balsamic vinegar
½ tsp. sugar
Spread 1/4 cup ricotta cheese on 1 toasted bagel half; top with 2 sliced strawberries and 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar mixed with 1/2 teaspoon sugar.


1 tbsp. chocolate-hazelnut spread
1  toasted bagel half
½  banana
2 tbsp. coconut
Spread 1 tablespoon chocolate-hazelnut spread on 1 toasted bagel half; top with 1/2 banana, sliced, and 2 tablespoon shredded coconut.


¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. light brown sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
⅔ c. cocoa powder
2 c. whole milk
2 c. half-and-half
1 c. chocolate chips
¼ c. unsalted butter
In a medium pot, stir the sugars, cornstarch, and cocoa powder until well combined.
Slowly whisk the milk and half-and-half into the mixture, then bring to a boil, whisking vigorously until thick.
Whisk in the chocolate chips and butter until fully incorporated and smooth. Whisk in the vanilla. Pour into a heatproof bowl. Cover the surface with plastic wrap and refrigerate 4 to 8 hours.


1½ c. whole-wheat flour
½ c. graham flour
1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. molasses
¼ c. honey
2 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ c. buttermilk
Whisk the flours, salt, baking soda, and baking powder together. Set aside.
Beat the butter, sugar, molasses, honey, and vanilla on medium-high speed until light and fluffy. Turn to low and add the flour mixture and buttermilk in alternating batches, starting and ending with the flour mixture. Cover and refrigerate 4 hours to overnight.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll the dough out to about an 1/8-inch-thick rectangle. (You might need to divide the dough up to make it more manageable.) Cut into squares and place on cookie sheets.
Poke holes into the top of each square and bake for 15 minutes or until just slightly more golden brown. Cool on wire racks.


3  egg whites
1¾ c. granulated sugar
⅔ c. water
2 tsp. light corn syrup
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. mini marshmallows
Place about 3 inches of water in a very large pot and bring to a high simmer.
Place the egg whites, sugar, 1/3 cup water, and corn syrup in a metal or glass bowl fitted over the pot of simmering water.
Beat constantly with an electric mixer while over the boiling water until stiff peaks form, about 8 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat.
Fold in the vanilla and marshmallows. Beat with the mixer on high until the marshmallows melt. Use as desired.


1½ c. marshmallow Fluff
¼  vanilla extract
2 tbsp. boiling water
Combine the fluff, vanilla, and boiling water in a small bowl. Use as desired.


6  Campfire Giant Roasters marshmallows
6  skewers
½ c. chocolate chips
½ c. crushed graham crackers
Skewer each marshmallow vertically, and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
Place the baking pan under the oven broiler for 25 to 30 seconds, or until the marshmallows begin to lightly brown. Remove from the oven.
Immediately dip the marshmallows into the melted chocolate, followed by a dip into the crumbs. Return to the parchment paper to cool.


2  puff pastry sheets
½ c. graham cracker crumbs
1  recipe
2 c.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Prepare a mini cupcake tin or mini brioche pan with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside.
Roll out 1 sheet of puff pastry; use a round biscuit cutter to cut out 12 circles of dough. Press each into the prepared baking pan. Poke holes into each crust with a fork. Repeat the entire process with the second sheet of dough.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, make a meringue by beating the egg whites until soft peaks form. While whipping, add in the granulated sugar until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. You should be able to turn the bowl upside down without the meringue moving.
Stir the graham cracker crumbs into the pudding. Set aside.
Once the crusts are cooled, fill each with a large spoonful of pudding, then top with a dollop of frosting. Toast the frosting, if desired.


1 c. powdered sugar
2 oz. almonds
1 tsp. graham cracker crumbs
3 tbsp. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
2 large egg whites
5 tbsp. granulated sugar

graham cracker crumbs
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and prepare a pastry bag with a plain tip (about 1 to 2 inches).
Place the powdered sugar, pulverized almonds, 1 teaspoon crumbs, and cocoa in a food processor. Pulse for 2 minutes, or until uniform. Stir the bottom of the bowl to fully incorporate all of the mixture. Pulse again as necessary.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, make a meringue by beating the egg whites until soft peaks form. While whipping, add in the granulated sugar until stiff peaks form, about 2 minutes. You should be able to turn the bowl upside down without the meringue moving.
Carefully fold the dry ingredients, in two batches, into the meringue with a rubber spatula. When the mixture is just barely uniform, scoop the batter into the pastry bag.
Pipe the batter on the parchment-lined baking sheets in 1-inch circles, leaving roughly 1 inch in between. Rap the baking sheet firmly on the countertop to flatten the macarons, then allow to rest for 20 minutes.
Bake for 15 to 18 minutes; remove from the oven and allow to cool on a baking sheet. Once cooled, fill by piping or spreading each macaron with a bit of frosting and a sprinkle of graham cracker crumbs.


1 c. hot, strong coffee
6 oz. chocolate chips
¾ c. cocoa powder
1 c. buttermilk
1 c. vegetable oil
2¼ c. granulated sugar
4 whole eggs
1  egg yolk
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
3 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
6 c.
2 c. graham cracker crumbs
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease and flour 3 (9-inch) cake pans. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, combine the coffee and chocolate chips. Allow to set for 1 to 2 minutes to allow the chocolate to soften. Whisk until smooth. Add the cocoa powder and whisk until fully incorporated. Whisk the buttermilk, oil, sugar, whole eggs, yolk, and vanilla extract into the mixture.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Pour the liquids into the flour mixture and whisk until smooth.
Evenly distribute the batter into the 3 prepared cake pans. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until the center springs back when touched lightly. Cool completely on wire racks.
Top each layer with 1 to 2 cups


1½ c. dark or semisweet chocolate chips
1 can sweetened condensed milk
⅔ c. marshmallow Fluff

Place the chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl and heat for 30 seconds. Stir. Pour in the can of condensed milk, and microwave for another 30 seconds. Stir. Repeat in 30-second increments until the chips are melted and the mixture is smooth.
Pour the mixture into a serving bowl, then drop spoonfuls of fluff into the bowl. Use a sharp knife to swirl the fluff into the chocolate. Serve with graham crackers to dip.


½ c. hot milk
1 tsp. espresso powder
¼ c. mini chocolate chips
1  egg
1 tbsp. vegetable oil
1 tsp.  vanilla extract
1 c. flour
¼ c. cocoa powder
2 tbsp. graham cracker crumbs
¼ c. white sugar
½ c. light brown sugar
¼ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt

Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line mini muffin tins with mini cupcake papers. Set aside.
In large bowl, pour the hot milk over the espresso powder and chocolate chips. Allow to soften for a few seconds, then stir until smooth. Add the egg, oil, and vanilla. Stir until well combined.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, graham crumbs, sugars, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Pour over the liquids and stir until just combined.
Fill the cups about 3/4 full. Bake for 8 to 12 minutes or until the centers spring back when lightly pressed.
When cooled, dip in the marshmallow syrup. Garnish as desired.


⅓ c. semisweet chocolate chips
10 tbsp. butter
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ c. sugar
3 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. all-purpose flour
16-18  individual graham crackers
2 c. milk chocolate chips
2 c. Marshmallow Fluff (more as desired)
Line a slow cooker with aluminum foil for easy removal of brownies once cooked.
In a small saucepan over medium heat, or in a microwave, melt the chocolate and butter until smooth. Allow to cool slightly.
In a separate bowl, beat the eggs, vanilla, and sugar. Slowly add in the chocolate mixture until well combined. In a small bowl, sift together the cocoa, salt, and flour. Add the mixture to the rest of the batter. Do not overmix.
Pour roughly half of the batter into the prepared slow cooker. Top with whole graham crackers, breaking and piecing together at the edges as needed to fully cover the brownie batter. Sprinkle chocolate chips on top of the graham crackers, then top with the remaining brownie batter.
Put a lid on the slow cooker and cook on low for 1 1/2 hours. Check brownies after 1 1/2 hours. The tops will look undercooked but a tug on the foil will help determine doneness. If the brownies lift easily without buckling, remove from the slow cooker and allow to cool. If they buckle, allow to bake for 15 more minutes, checking again until ready to remove.
Once cooled, top with Marshmallow Fluff and place under an oven broiler for 30-60 seconds, until the marshmallows are toasted. Watch closely as marshmallow can quickly burn. Remove from the oven, cut, serve, and enjoy.


4  sugar cones
1 c. marshmallow Fluff
3 c. vanilla ice cream
1 c. chocolate Magic Shell
¼ c. crushed graham crackers
¼ c. miniature marshmallows
Evenly fill each cone with fluff, then a scoop of ice cream.
Dip the scoop in chocolate, then roll in graham and marshmallows, if desired.


3 c. crumbled graham crackers
½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. heavy cream
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ c. cream cheese
1 c. crunchy peanut butter
1 c. salted peanuts
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
In a food processor, pulse the graham crackers until they are uniformly ground to the consistency of sand. Transfer to a bowl, add the melted butter, and stir to mix well. Grease a 9-inch pie tin and press the graham cracker mixture into the bottom, patting it into an even layer. Do not worry about covering the sides. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool completely.
Put the chocolate chips in a large, heatproof bowl. In a small saucepan, heat the cream until just before it begins to boil. Pour the hot cream slowly over the chocolate chips while whisking constantly. Add the cocoa powder and whisk vigorously until the mixture is smooth. Place the chocolate sauce in the fridge while the crust is cooling.
In a small bowl, combine the cream cheese and peanut butter and beat with a wooden spoon until well blended. When the crust has cooled completely, using a rubber spatula, scrape the peanut butter-cream cheese filling into the crust and spread into a smooth, even layer. Drizzle the chocolate sauce over the top. Sprinkle the salted peanuts evenly over the top of the chocolate. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. Cut into wedges and serve right away.


60  vanilla wafers
⅓ c. seedless raisins
3 tsp. firmly packed brown sugar
3 tsp. ground cinnamon
1½ tbsp. unsalted butter
¾ tsp. vanilla extract
1½ tbsp. skim milk
½ c. milk chocolate
Line a cookie sheet with wax paper and set aside.
In a food processor, process the cookies until fine crumbs form, about 1 minute.
Add the raisins, brown sugar and 1 1/2 teaspoons of the cinnamon and process for another 30 seconds.
Whisk together the sweetened condensed milk, softened butter, vanilla and milk in a small bowl until smooth.
Pour evenly over the vanilla wafer mixture and mix until a dough begins to form, about 30 seconds.
Transfer the dough to a clean bowl.
Roll the dough into 1-inch balls and place on the prepared pan.
Prepare the chocolate for drizzling. Drizzle each truffle with milk chocolate and sprinkle with the remaining 1 teaspoon cinnamon.
Refrigerate for 30 minutes or until solid and serve.


1 can original or "lite" coconut milk
5 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tbsp. raw honey
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
Blend all the ingredients until smooth and pour the mixture into ice pop molds. Insert the base and freeze for at least 2 hours, or until set. Loosen by running the molds under warm water.


60  saltine crackers
1 c. chocolate-hazelnut spread (such as Nutella)
1½ c. milk chocolate
1 c. Sprinkles
Line a cookie sheet with wax paper.
Place 20 of the Saltine crackers flat side up on the prepared cookie sheet. Spread chocolate-hazelnut spread on each cracker and top with another cracker, creating sandwiches. Repeat, adding another layer. Each cookie will have 3 Saltines and 2 layers of chocolate-hazelnut spread.
Melt and temper the chocolate—this recipe explains how to temper chocolate—(or melt Wilton Candy Melts) and pour it into a shallow bowl. Pour the sprinkles into a separate shallow bowl. If these ingredients don't all fit at once, you can refill or top off the bowls as you continue.
Dip the sides of the cookies first into the milk chocolate and then into the sprinkles, sealing the edges. Refrigerate for 30 minutes, or until solid.


4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1 c. plus 5 tablespoons unsalted butter
1⅔ c. sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. peppermint extract
2.00 to 3 drop red food coloring
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tsp. natural unsweetened cocoa powder
In a medium-size bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the eggs and mix for another minute or two, scraping down the sides of the bowl if necessary. Add the flour mixture and mix again until blended.
Divide the dough into thirds and place each portion in a separate bowl. Mix the peppermint extract and a few drops of the red food coloring into the dough in one bowl. Add 1/2 teaspoon of the vanilla to the dough in each of the remaining two bowls and mix until blended. Mix the cocoa powder into one of the vanilla-flavored doughs. In the end, you should have three doughs: one red, one white and one brown. Wrap all three doughs separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking liners; set aside.
Remove the doughs from the refrigerator and divide each color dough in half. Using a rolling pin, roll each of the six dough sections into a circle 8 to 9 inches in diameter and 1/4 inch thick, using extra flour if necessary to keep the dough from sticking. Start with one chocolate layer on the bottom and stack one each of the vanilla dough and then the peppermint dough on top. Repeat with the other three circles to make a separate stack. Refrigerate the two layered stacks for 15 minutes.
Roll each layered dough stack to a 1/4-inch thickness, pressing the three colors together. Using a 1 1/2-inch round cookie cutter, cut out the cookies as close together as possible. Discard the scraps. Place the cookies on the prepared baking sheets, about 1 inch apart. Bake until the edges begin to brown, 6 to 7 minutes.
Cool the cookies on the baking sheets for 5 minutes before transferring to a rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough. Stack the cookies in cellophane bags and tie with a festive ribbon.


1½ c. fruity cereal
1½ c. coconut flakes
2½ c. white chocolate
½ c. Sprinkles
Line a 9 by 13-inch baking pan with aluminum foil and coat it with nonstick spray. Set aside.
Place the cereal and coconut flakes in a large bowl and stir until distributed evenly.
Melt and temper the white chocolate. Pour the white chocolate over the mixture and stir until completely coated.
Using a rubber spatula, spread the mixture evenly over the bottom of the prepared pan.
Sprinkle with sprinkles!
Refrigerate for 30 minutes, or until solid.
Transfer to a cutting board, peel off the foil, and cut with a very sharp knife or break into two-bite pieces.


3¼ c. unbleached, all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. Sea salt
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1¾ c. milk
2 stick unsalted butter
1¼ c. granulated natural cane sugar
4 large eggs
3 stick unsalted butter
2¼ c. confectioners' sugar
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
3 tbsp. heavy whipping cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom and sides of two 8-inch cake pans. Place an 8-inch circle of parchment paper in the bottom of each pan. Lightly flour the sides of each pan and set aside.
In a small bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt until combined; set aside.
In a small measuring cup, whisk the milk and vanilla together until combined; set aside.
In a large bowl, beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the eggs and beat again until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula.
Pour in the milk and flour mixtures, and starting on low speed, mix until all the ingredients are just combined. Turn the speed up to high and beat for 10 seconds. Scrape down sides and beat for 10 more seconds.
Evenly spoon the batter into the prepared pans. Gently tap the bottom of the pans on the counter to remove any air bubbles. Bake, side by side on the center rack of the oven, for 32 to 35 minutes, until tops are golden and a metal skewer inserted in the center comes out clean. Transfer the pans to a wire rack and cool completely before frosting with buttercream frosting.
To make frosting, add the butter to a large bowl and beat on high until fluffy, or about 1 minute. Add the sugar and vanilla. Start out mixing on low speed until all the sugar is incorporated, 1 to 2 minutes. Increase the speed to high and beat until very light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the cream, and beat on high for 4 minutes more. Use immediately, or store in a tightly covered container, in a cool dry place, for up to 2 days. Stir vigorously with a butter knife or offset spatula to fluff the frosting back up before using.


12 large egg whites
⅓ tsp. fine sea salt
1 tsp. cream of tartar
3 c. confectioners' sugar
1⅔ c. white all-purpose flour
c. mascarpone cheese
⅓ c. raspberry jam
8 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1⅓ c. full-fat cream cheese
M&M;'s
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F convection oven/325 degrees F conventional oven.
This is a large quantity of meringue to whisk, so you may prefer to do it in two batches in two separate bowls; otherwise use your biggest mixing bowl. Whisk the egg whites with the salt and cream of tartar until stiff peaks form using an electric mixer.
Now whisk in the sugar, a couple of tablespoons at a time, sprinkling it over the egg whites and whisking for about 20 seconds with each addition. Fold the sifted flour into the meringue in three batches. Divide the mixture between two unbuttered 9-inch nonstick cake pans with removable bases, 3 inches deep.
Bake the cakes for 35 to 40 minutes until lightly golden on the surface and springy to the touch. Invert the pans and set the cakes aside to cool, without running a knife around the edge.
To make the filling, blend the mascarpone with the jam in a bowl.
To make the frosting, beat the butter in a large bowl for about 1 minute using an electric mixer, then add the confectioners' sugar and continue beating for another minute or two until really fluffy. Beat in the vanilla, and then blend in the cream cheese using a large spoon.
Run a knife around the sides of the pans to remove them. Using a bread knife, split one of the cakes in half. Slice the top off the other one, then cut the cake off its base to make up the middle layer of cake. Spread half the raspberry mascarpone filling over the base of the cake, lay the middle section in place, spread with the remaining raspberry filling and then lay the top on. Smooth the cream cheese frosting over the top and sides of the cake using a small offset spatula. Transfer the cake to a 10-inch cake board, keeping it on the base of the ban. Store in the refrigerator for up to two days, removing it from the fridge 30–60 minutes before serving. Decorate with M&M;'s and candles, or sparklers, close to the time of eating.


1 c. unsalted butter
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. cornstarch
4½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
2 c. superfine sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
4 medium eggs
1¼ c. whole milk
Gel food coloring in red, yellow, orange, purple, blue and green
5½ oz. white chocolate
1½ c. superfine sugar
6 medium egg whites
2 c. plus 6 Tablespoons unsalted butter
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F, then grease and line three 8-inch round cake pans with parchment paper, greasing the parchment, too. In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, cornstarch, baking powder and salt together to combine, then set aside.
Put the butter in a large bowl and, using an electric mixer, beat on medium-high speed until smooth and light. Add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes, then add the vanilla and mix to combine. With the mixer on medium speed, add the egg yolks, one at a time, beating each until fully combined before adding the next. With the mixer on low, sift in the flour mixture in three additions, alternating with the milk, starting and finishing with the flour.
Pour the egg whites into a clean, grease-free bowl and whisk until they hold soft peaks. Add the whites to the cake batter and gently fold together until just combined and there are no streaks of white. Divide the batter equally between six small bowls. Add a small amount of each coloring to each bowl, enough to make it a vibrant color. Add the first three bowls to the prepared pans and bake for 15 minutes or until they spring back when lightly touched. Let cool in the pans for 10 minutes before turning onto a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining three portions of batter.
To make the frosting, melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of gently simmering water, making sure the bottom of the bowl doesn't touch the water. Remove from the heat and let cool.
Put 2/3 cup water and the sugar in a pan over medium heat. Bring to a boil and have a sugar thermometer ready. Meanwhile, pour the egg whites into a clean, grease-free bowl (this is best done using a freestanding electric mixer). Start beating the whites on high speed when the syrup in the pan reaches about 240 degrees F on the sugar thermometer. Cook until the syrup registers 250 degrees F. With the mixer still running, pour the syrup in a slow stream down the side of the bowl containing the whites, avoiding the beaters. Continue beating on high speed until the meringue is at room temperature. With the mixer on medium-high speed, add the butter a few pieces at a time, beating until fully combined. When adding the butter it can sometimes look curdled; if this happens, don't worry, just keep mixing and eventually it will smooth out to form a light buttercream frosting. With the mixer on medium speed, pour in the melted chocolate and mix until fully combined.
To assemble the cake, put the purple cake layer on a cardboard cake board or serving plate and top with a thin layer of frosting. Repeat the process with the other cake layers in the order of a rainbow (purple, blue, green, yellow, orange, red) and then spread the remaining frosting across the top and sides of the cake.


1 c. unsalted butter
1¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. fresh lemon zest
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
⅓ c. fresh lemon juice
1 c. buttermilk
8.00 to 1 large strawberries
1 c. unsalted butter
5 c. powdered sugar
2 tbsp. whole milk
2 large strawberries
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F, with a rack in the middle. Prepare two 9-inch round pans with baking spray.
In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, place the butter, sugar and lemon zest. Beat until light and fluffy.
In a separate bowl, mix together the dry ingredients and set aside.
With the mixer on low speed, add the eggs, one at a time, combining thoroughly in between. With the mixer still running, add the lemon juice (the batter will look curdled, but it's not!).
Add 1/3 of the dry ingredients and 1/2 cup of the buttermilk. Mix, then stop and scrape the sides of the bowl. Repeat, adding another 1/3 of the dry ingredients and the remaining 1/2 cup buttermilk. Mix, then stop and scrape. Add the remaining 1/3 of the dry ingredients and mix until completely combined and the batter is light and fluffy. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans. Bake the cakes for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cake comes out clean. Let the cakes cool before removing them from the pans.
While the cakes are cooling, make the strawberry buttercream frosting: Combine the butter and powdered sugar in a large bowl or standing mixer. Mix together on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the milk and the strawberries and mix on high speed until the frosting is very fluffy and pale pink in color, with flecks of strawberry.
Invert one of the cake rounds onto a cake plate; generously spread with frosting and top with strawberry slices. Repeat with the remaining layer of cake and frosting. Frost the sides of the cake. Put in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes to allow the frosting to set.
Serve at room temperature.


⅓ c. heavy cream
4 oz. cream cheese
4 oz. white chocolate
1 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. unsweetened cocoa
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, whisk together the heavy cream and cream cheese until the cream cheese is melted and combined. Remove from the heat and add the white chocolate, stirring until melted and smooth. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and cool for 10 minutes. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.
Meanwhile, heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. In a bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy; beat in the egg and the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until combined.
Drop level teaspoon of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 1 1/2 inches apart. Bake until firm around the edges but slightly soft in the center, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool on the sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
Using an electric mixer, beat the chilled white chocolate filling until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Spoon the filling into a large resealable freezer bag. Snip a 1/2-inch opening off one corner of the bag; pipe the frosting on half the cookies, then sandwich with the remaining cookies.


1 c. unsalted butter
⅔ c. honey
½ c. granulated sugar
5 c. quick-cooking oats
⅓ c. sunflower seeds
1 c. unsalted roasted almonds
1 c. dried cranberries
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 pinch kosher salt
Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 9- by 13-inch baking pan with parchment, leaving a 2-inch overhang on the two long sides.
Place the butter, honey, and sugar in a large pot and cook over medium-low heat until melted, about 3 minutes; remove from heat.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the oats, sunflower seeds, almonds, cranberries, flour, and salt. Add the oat mixture to the butter mixture and fold until just combined. Gently press the mixture into the prepared pan and bake until light golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes.
Transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely. Using the overhangs, transfer the bar to a cutting board and cut into 24 pieces.


12 oz. strawberries
14 oz. sweetened condensed milk
¾ c. sugar
⅔ c. strained fresh lemon juice
¼ c. sugar
2 tsp. fresh lemon juice
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
Vegetable oil cooking spray
9 to 10 graham crackers
3 large egg yolks
1 large egg
3 large egg whites
Coarse salt
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Make the crust: Coat a 9-inch pie plate with cooking spray. Pulse crackers in a food processor until finely ground; measure 1 1/3 cups, and discard excess. Pulse cracker crumbs, sugar, and  1/4 teaspoon salt in food processor to combine. Add butter, and pulse until mixture is moist and holds together when pressed between 2 fingers.
Press crust evenly into bottom and up sides of pie plate using the bottom of a dry measuring cup. (Make sure the sides and rim of the crust are firmly pressed so they don't crumble when pie gets cut.) Freeze for 30 minutes.
Bake crust until firm and turning darker around edges, 10 to 11 minutes. Remove from oven, and reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.
Meanwhile, make the filling: Whisk together condensed milk, lemon juice, egg yolks and egg, and  1/4 teaspoon salt.
Pour filling into warm piecrust. Bake until center is set, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool to room temperature. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours.
Make the topping: Sprinkle berries with 2 tablespoons sugar and the lemon juice. Let stand for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat egg whites and remaining  1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar in the heatproof bowl of a mixer set over a pan of simmering water until sugar dissolves and mixture is warm to the touch, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to mixer, and whisk on high speed until medium peaks form, 8 to 9 minutes.
Spoon berries over pie. Spoon meringue over top. Place pie under broiler, with rack in lowest position, until meringue is just browned. Alternatively, use a kitchen torch to brown the top.


6 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
1 tbsp. Sprinkles
4 to 5 firm-ripe bananas
Insert a toothpick into each banana piece. Arrange bananas, toothpick side up, on a parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze until firm, 2 hours.
In a medium microwave-safe bowl, heat chocolate chips in 10-second increments, stirring between each, until melted and smooth. Working quickly, dip each banana piece in chocolate, shake off excess, and cover with sprinkles. Chocolate should set quickly, but if necessary, freeze pops to harden coating before serving.


2 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1½ c. plain yogurt
3 tbsp. light-brown sugar
1½ c. fruit
1½ tsp. fresh lemon juice
6  flour tortillas
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly brush both sides of tortillas with melted butter and sprinkle both sides with granulated sugar. Lay tortillas over 6 jumbo muffin cups (tortillas will overlap). Bake until tortillas are soft and pliable, 3 minutes. Remove from oven and, with the bottom of a glass, gently press each tortilla into a muffin cup so it folds up and forms a cup shape. Bake until tortillas are crisp and golden at edges, about 12 minutes. Immediately remove tortillas from cups and let cool completely on a wire rack, 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together yogurt and 2 tablespoons brown sugar. In another small bowl, toss together fruit, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, and lemon juice. To serve, divide yogurt mixture among cooled tortilla cups and top with fruit.


vegetable oil
4 large egg whites
1¼ c. superfine sugar
¾ lb. fresh raspberries
2 tbsp. lemon juice
1½ c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. kirsch
½ lb. strawberries
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-by-13-inch baking pan with foil, leaving a 1-inch overhang on the long sides. Lightly brush the foil and sides of the pan with vegetable oil.
In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the whisk, beat the egg whites at medium-high speed to soft peaks. Beat in 1 cup of the superfine sugar at high speed until the whites are stiff, 2 to 3 minutes. Spread the meringue evenly in the pan. Bake in the center of the oven for about 15 minutes, until lightly colored and springy. Using the foil, transfer the meringue to a rack to cool.
Meanwhile, in a food processor, puree the raspberries, lemon juice and remaining 1/4 cup of superfine sugar until smooth; strain through a fine sieve into a bowl. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Wipe out the bowl of the mixer. Add the heavy cream, confectioners' sugar and kirsch and beat until the cream forms soft peaks.
Turn the meringue so a long side is facing you. Spread the whipped cream over the meringue, leaving a 1 1/2-inch border on the long side nearest you. Arrange the strawberries on top, pressing them into the cream. Starting at the long side nearest you, and using the foil, carefully roll up the meringue jelly roll–style; the top will crack. Wrap the roulade in the foil and refrigerate until chilled, at least 45 minutes or up to 5 hours. Unwrap the roulade and cut into 1-inch-thick slices. Serve with the raspberry sauce.


2 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil
¼ c. honey
2 tbsp.
2 medium peaches
2 medium plums
3 medium apricots
2 medium nectarines
vanilla ice cream
Light a grill or heat a grill pan and brush lightly with oil. In a small saucepan, bring the honey and Lemon Thyme Vinegar to a simmer. Cook over very low heat for 5 minutes.
In a bowl, toss the fruit with the 2 tablespoons of oil. Grill the fruit over high heat, turning, until lightly charred in spots, about 3 minutes. Transfer to bowls, drizzle with the honeyed vinegar and serve with ice cream.


2¼ lb. fresh ricotta cheese
2  vanilla beans
1½ tbsp. lemon zest
9 large eggs
¾ c. sugar
¼ c. plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. sugar
½ c. honey
4 c. water
3 sprig fresh lemon verbena or 1 cup loosely packed dried leaves
10  peaches
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat a 2 1/2-quart glass or ceramic baking dish with baking spray and set the dish in a roasting pan.
In a colander set over a large bowl, drain the ricotta, gently pressing out any excess liquid; discard the liquid. Transfer the ricotta to a large bowl and stir in the vanilla seeds and lemon zest.
In another large bowl, whisk the eggs and sugar until smooth. Whisk the egg mixture into the ricotta until smooth, then fold in the flour and salt. Pour the mixture into the baking dish. Add enough hot water to the roasting pan to reach halfway up the side of the baking dish. Bake the ricotta for about 40 minutes, until lightly golden on top and just set in the center. Transfer the dish to a rack and let cool to room temperature, 3 hours.
In a large saucepan, combine the sugar, honey and water and bring to a simmer. If using dried lemon verbena, wrap in a large square of cheesecloth and tie with kitchen string. Add the lemon verbena and peaches to the saucepan. Bring just to a boil, then simmer gently over moderately low heat, turning the peaches occasionally, until just tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the peaches to a baking sheet. Let cool slightly, then slip off the skins.
Discard the lemon verbena and simmer the poaching liquid over moderate heat until reduced to a light syrup, about 10 minutes. Strain the syrup into a bowl and let cool to room temperature, about 1 hour.
Cut the baked ricotta into squares and serve with the poached peaches and syrup. Garnish with lemon verbena sprigs.


1 qt. plain fat-free Greek yogurt
1 c. turbinado sugar
1½ tbsp. lemon zest
¾ c. lemon juice
1 tsp. kosher salt
2  mangoes
¼ c. honey
2 tbsp. heavy cream
½ pt. blueberries
¼ c. unsalted pistachios
Line an 8-by-4-inch metal or glass loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving a few inches of overhang all around. In a medium bowl, combine the yogurt, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice and salt and whisk until smooth. Transfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturer's instructions; the yogurt should be frozen but still spreadable.
Meanwhile, in a food processor, combine the mangoes, honey and cream and puree until smooth. Transfer half of the mango puree to a bowl and refrigerate.
Working quickly, spread one-third of the frozen yogurt in the prepared loaf pan in a 1/2-inch-thick layer. Gently spread half of the unrefrigerated mango puree on top and scatter with some of the blueberries and pistachios; gently push them into the puree. Repeat with another third of frozen yogurt and the remaining mango puree, blueberries and pistachios. Spread the remaining frozen yogurt on top. Cover and freeze the terrine until firm, at least 8 hours or for up to 5 days.
Carefully unmold the terrine onto a platter; peel off the plastic wrap. Cut the terrine into 1/2-inch-thick slices, rinsing the knife under hot water and drying it between cuts. Serve with the chilled mango puree.


1¼ c. packed light-brown sugar
½ c. packed dark-brown sugar
Mix sugars together until well combined.


13 tbsp. unsalted butter
¾ c. packed
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
.13 tsp. Coarse salt
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix together butter,


1 c. granulated sugar
4 sprig fresh thyme
½  vanilla bean
4 medium Asian pears
In a large saucepan over high heat, bring 1 cup water and the first 3 ingredients to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until sugar is dissolved, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and let syrup steep for 30 minutes. Discard thyme sprigs and let syrup cool completely, about 1 hour.
Transfer syrup to a food processor or blender, add pears, and puree until smooth. Pour into a large bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
In an ice-cream maker, process sorbet mixture according to the manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to a baking pan, cover with plastic wrap, and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours. Serve garnished with a small sprig of thyme, if desired.


8 tbsp. butter
1 loaf ciabatta bread
8 oz. Medjool dates
1 c. cooked wild rice
3½ c. heavy cream
1½ c. brown sugar
1 c. whole milk
4 large eggs
½ c. maple syrup
2½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
2 tbsp. turbinado sugar
1½ tbsp. granulated sugar
¾ c. full-fat plain yogurt
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, brush cups of a 12-cavity jumbo muffin pan with butter and set aside.
In a small skillet over medium-high heat, heat butter until browned, 3 to 5 minutes. In a large bowl, toss bread cubes with browned butter. Stir in dates and wild rice. In a separate large bowl, whisk together 2 1/2 cups cream, brown sugar, milk, eggs, syrup, 2 teaspoons vanilla, and cinnamon until smooth. Pour custard over bread and stir to coat evenly.
Divide bread pudding mixture among the muffin cups. Press any protruding dates or rice grains into the custard. Bake for 15 minutes; then remove pan from oven and, using a spatula or wooden spoon, press bread mixture into custard. Sprinkle tops of puddings with turbinado sugar. Return to oven and bake until tops are golden brown and crusty, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl using an electric mixer, beat granulated sugar and remaining cream just until stiff. Stir in yogurt and remaining vanilla. Serve puddings warm, with a generous dollop (about 2 tablespoons each) of yogurt cream.


¾ c. skip, soy or unsweetened almond milk
½ c. chopped bananas
1 c. frozen berries
3-5  ice cubes
¼ c. roughly chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
In a blender, combine milk, chopped bananas, frozen berries and ice cubes. Blend until smooth and frothy.


1¼ c. confectioners' sugar
2 pinch ground cardamom (optional)
¼ tsp. finely grated orange zest
3 tbsp. fresh orange juice
Milk (optional)
Whisk together sugar and cardamom. Whisk in orange zest and juice, and whisk until mixture has the consistency of thick honey. If mixture is too thick, whisk in milk, 1 teaspoon at a time.


3 oz. bittersweet chocolate
3 c. milk
2 tbsp. sugar
Stir together chocolate, milk, and sugar in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is hot, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat; whisk until frothy. Divide among four mugs.


1 c. sugar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. bourbon
In a small saucepan, bring sugar and 1/2 cup water to a boil. Cook 5 minutes. Add butter, vanilla, and bourbon. Cook until syrupy, about 5 minutes.


½ c. unsalted butter
1 tsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
1 large egg white
Bring butter, sugar, salt, and 1 cup water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove from heat. Using a wooden spoon, quickly stir in flour. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring constantly, until mixture pulls away from sides and a film forms on bottom of pan, about 3 minutes.
Transfer to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low speed until slightly cooled, about 1 minute. Raise speed to medium; add whole eggs, 1 at a time, until a soft peak forms when batter is touched with your finger. If peak does not form, lightly beat remaining egg white, and mix it into batter a little at a time until it does.


2 c. sugar
¼ c. corn syrup
¼ c. water
Prepare an ice-water bath. Combine all ingredients in a small pot, and bring to a boil, stirring until sugar dissolves. (Brush down sides of pot with a wet pastry brush while cooking to prevent sugar crystals from forming.) Continue to boil, without stirring, until caramel begins to turn light amber, 8 to 10 minutes.
Remove pot from heat, and set in ice-water bath to stop sugar from cooking, stirring with a fork. The sugar is ready when it starts to thicken but still flows in a steady stream. Place 3 skillets or wooden spoons about 8 inches apart on a counter, with handles hanging slightly over the edge. Dip fork in hot sugar; quickly move the fork back and forth over the handles, making thin threads of sugar. Repeat, layering strands of sugar. Every few passes, gather the cooled spun sugar, and place in an airtight container. If the weather is dry, sugar will keep overnight. If humid, store with a desiccant packet and use the same day.


½ lb. dried white navy beans
¼ c. water
½ c. granulated sugar
6 tbsp. granulated sugar
Wash beans and drain. Place in a large saucepan, and add cold water to cover; let soak overnight. Or place beans in a medium stockpot, and add water to cover; place over medium heat, and bring to a boil; boil 2 minutes, then let stand 1 hour.
Drain beans and return to stockpot. Add water to cover by 2 inches. Place over medium heat, and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cook beans until tender, about 30 minutes. Strain.
Working in batches, purée the cooked beans in a food processor until smooth. Set aside.
Combine the water and sugar in the stockpot. Place over high heat, and bring to a boil; boil, stirring frequently, until sugar dissolves completely.
Reduce heat to medium, and add half the bean paste to the simmering syrup. Stir slowly to incorporate, and continue cooking until the mixture comes to a boil, stirring constantly. Then add remaining bean paste, and continue stirring until mixture is soft and creamy, 3 to 5 minutes more. Remove from heat, and strain bean paste through a coarse sieve.
Scoop the bean paste onto a rimmed baking sheet; let cool to room temperature before using in frosting.


1 c. heavy cream
1¼ c.
¼  vanilla bean
Whisk cream in mixer bowl until stiff peaks form. Fold in shiro-an and vanilla-bean seeds; whisk until fully blended. Use immediately or refrigerate, covered, up to overnight.


4  Mediterranean-style flatbreads or pocketless pitas
1 tub Buitoni Tuscan or Classic Bruschetta
1 c. shredded mozzarella
Heat outdoor grill. You'll need a baking sheet or large tray as a work surface.
Brush flatbreads with 2 tsp oil and place directly on grill. Grill 1½ to 2 minutes until bottoms are lightly charred. Place charred side up on baking sheet. Spread top of each with scant 1⁄3 cup bruschetta, then top each with ¼ cup mozzarella.
Return pizzas to grill. Close cover and grill 1 to 2 minutes until bottoms are lightly charred and toppings warm. Garnish with torn basil leaves if desired. Cut in wedges.
Instead of using bruschetta, spread the flatbreads with prepared pesto.
Add strips of grilled chicken or shrimp.
Top with baby arugula leaves and shaved Parmesan.


4 scoop Neapolitan ice cream
8  cookies
½ c. chopped pistachios
Sandwich 4 scoops Neapolitan ice cream between 8 cookies; freeze 1 hour, then roll in chopped pistachios.


4 scoop chocolate ice cream
1 c. mini marshmallows
8  cookies
Scoop chocolate ice cream and toasted mini marshmallows between each cookie. Freeze for 1 hour.


4 scoop dulce de leche ice cream
8  cookies
½ c. chopped toasted pecans
Scoop dulce de leche ice cream between 2 cookies, and repeat with remaining cookies and ice cream; freeze 1 hour. Roll in chopped toasted pecans.


4 scoop mango sorbet
8  cookies
½ c. toasted coconut
Place a scoop of mango sorbet between 2 cookies, and repeat with remaining cookies and sorbet; freeze 1 hour. Roll in toasted coconut.


1¼ stick unsalted butter
1 c. all-purpose flour
1¼ c. finely ground unblanched almonds
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. Coarse salt
5 large egg whites
4 tsp. kirsch (cherry brandy)
30  sweet (Bing) cherries
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Brush 30 cups of 2 mini-muffin tins with butter, and dust lightly with flour.
Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. When it begins to sputter, reduce heat to medium. Cook, swirling skillet occasionally, until butter has lightly browned. Skim foam from top, and remove skillet from heat.
Whisk together flour, ground almonds, sugar, and salt in a bowl. Add egg whites, and whisk until smooth. Stir in kirsch. Pour in butter, leaving any dark-brown sediment in skillet, and whisk to combine. Let stand for 20 minutes.
Ladle 1 tablespoon batter into each buttered muffin cup, filling about halfway. Push a cherry into each, keeping stem end up. With a small spoon, smooth batter over cherries to cover. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean and cakes are golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes. Run a knife around edges to loosen, and unmold. Cakes can be stored in airtight containers at room temperature overnight.


10 tbsp. unsalted butter
6 tbsp. sliced almonds
⅓ c. coarsely chopped almonds
5 tbsp. packed light-brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
.13 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
¾ c. sour cream
2 c. confectioners' sugar
3 tbsp. milk
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter six mini Bundt pans; set aside. Spread sliced almonds out on a baking pan, and toast until golden brown. Transfer nuts to a bowl to cool.
In a medium bowl, combine chopped almonds, light-brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg; set aside. In another medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine 6 tablespoons butter and granulated sugar. Beat on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add egg; beat until combined. Add 1 teaspoon vanilla, and beat until smooth. Add 1/3 of reserved flour mixture and half of sour cream; beat to combine. Repeat. Add final third of flour mixture, and beat to combine.
Fill each Bundt pan with 3 tablespoons batter, and spread evenly with a small offset spatula or spoon. Sprinkle each with 2 tablespoons of reserved almond-spice mixture. Top with additional 3 tablespoons batter; the batter should come to within 1/2 inch of the rims of the pans.
Bake until cakes are golden brown and a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer cakes to a wire rack to cool completely. Unmold cakes. Place cakes, flat sides down, on a wire rack placed over a baking pan.
Melt remaining 4 tablespoons butter over medium-high heat until color turns nut brown, about 5 minutes. Pour butter into a medium bowl, leaving behind any dark sediment. Stir in confectioners' sugar, remaining 2 teaspoons vanilla, and 3 tablespoons milk until smooth; add an additional tablespoon milk, if necessary, so glaze is pourable. Drizzle glaze over cakes, and sprinkle with toasted almonds. Serve.




8  sugar cones
2 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 c. cold heavy cream
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 c. mixed berries
Dip about 1/4 inch of each ice cream cone into melted chocolate. Transfer each to a tall glass, chocolate side up. Refrigerate until set, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk cream and sugar with a mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a 3/4-inch open-star tip.
Pipe cream into cones, filling to the rim. Top with half the berries. Pipe some of the remaining cream on top of berries in a circular motion to create a "soft serve" swirl. Top with remaining berries. Serve immediately.


3¼ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. Coarse salt
8 oz. unsalted butter
1¾ c. sugar
2  vanilla beans
1 c. whole milk
8 large egg whites
1½ pt. blueberries
34  raspberries

Preheat oven to 325 degrees F, with racks in middle and lower positions. Line 3 muffin tins with 34 liners. Whisk together 3 cups flour, the baking powder, and salt.
Beat butter, 1 1/2 cups sugar, and the vanilla until pale and fluffy. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Beat in flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with milk.
Beat whites until soft peaks form. Gradually add remaining  1/4 cup sugar, beating until stiff, glossy peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, fold one-third of the whites into batter, then carefully fold in remaining whites. Gently toss blueberries with remaining 1/4 cup flour to coat. Gently fold floured blueberries into batter. Divide batter evenly among cupcake liners.
Bake until cupcakes spring back when touched, 23 to 25 minutes. Let cool in tins on wire racks for 10 minutes. Remove cupcakes from tins, and let cool completely on wire racks. Frost cupcakes and garnish each with a raspberry.


4 c. mixed fresh berries
½ c. apricot jam
2 stick cold unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
2 c. all-purpose flour
salt
1½ c. whole milk
1 c. heavy cream
6 large egg yolks
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
salt
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Make the crusts:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Roll out dough to a scant 1/4-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut out thirty-two 3-inch rounds or twenty-five 3 1/2-inch rounds, and fit each into a 2 1/2- or 3-inch tart pan. Trim excess dough flush with edges of pans using a knife. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. Bake, pressing down dough if puffing, until pale gold, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely.
Make the filling:
Strain mixture through a fine sieve, and whisk in vanilla. Place plastic wrap directly on surface of pastry cream, and refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight. When ready to use, whip remaining 1/2 cup heavy cream until soft peaks form. Fold into pastry cream.
Assemble the tarts:


Safflower oil cooking spray
6 large egg whites
1½ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 c. heavy cream
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
4 c. mixed red berries and blueberries
Red and white currants
Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Draw a 9-inch circle onto each of 2 pieces of parchment. Turn over, and line baking sheets with each.
Beat whites with mixer on high speed until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes. Beat in 1/4 cup granulated sugar. Add remaining 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. Scrape down sides of bowl, and continue to beat mixture until whites are very stiff and glossy and sugar is almost dissolved, 7 to 8 minutes. Beat in 1 teaspoon vanilla.
Divide meringue between baking sheets and spread evenly with a rubber spatula, using circles as a guide. (Small swirls can be made for texture.)
Place baking sheets on separate racks in oven, and bake, switching position of sheets halfway through, about 2 hours. Meringues should remain white, become crisp on the outside and bottoms, and should easily lift from the parchment. Turn off heat, and let cool in oven, about 1 1/2 hours.
Beat cream, confectioners' sugar, and remaining teaspoon vanilla until stiff peaks form. Place 1 meringue on a serving platter, and top with half the whipped cream. Smooth evenly with a spatula. Sprinkle half the berries on top of the whipped cream, then place second meringue on top. Smooth remaining whipped cream on top of the center of the meringue. Garnish with remaining berries and currants if desired.


4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
Coarse salt
2 stick unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
2 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract

Make the cookies:
Beat butter and sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture, then vanilla. Refrigerate dough, wrapped in plastic wrap, for at least 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Roll out dough to a scant 1/4-inch thickness on a floured surface. Cut out cookies using a 1 3/4-, 2 1/4-, 2 3/4-, or 3 1/2-inch round cookie cutter, rerolling scraps once. Transfer to a baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Bake until edges just start to brown, 17 to 19 minutes. Transfer cookies to a wire rack, and let cool completely.
Decorate the cookies:
Immediately pipe a red or blue dot in the center of cookie. Then pipe concentric rings of colors around the center dot (using the same color as the dot, or alternating colors).
Immediately drag a toothpick through the colors to create bursts, starting from the center dot and working toward the edge, then alternate dragging inward and outward as you work around the cookie. (Or drag around the cookie in 1 direction or curve the lines for a pinwheel effect.) Let dry. Repeat with remaining cookies and icings.


1½ lb. raspberries
¾ c. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. fresh orange juice
10 oz. mascarpone cheese
1¼ c. cold heavy cream
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
fine salt
20  ladyfingers
¾ lb. blueberries
In a medium bowl, combine raspberries with 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar and orange juice. With the back of a fork, lightly mash berries to release their juices and let sit 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, stir together mascarpone and 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar until smooth. Whisk in cream, vanilla, and pinch of salt and whisk until soft peaks form, about 4 minutes.
Cut one or two pieces parchment 1 inch taller than side of an 8-inch springform pan and line inside of pan. Place half the ladyfingers in pan and top with half the raspberry mixture. With a small offset or rubber spatula, spread half the whipped cream over berries. Tap pan gently on counter to remove air bubbles. Repeat with remaining ladyfingers, raspberry mixture, and whipped cream.
Top with blueberries and refrigerate until whipped cream is stiff and cookies have softened, about 3 hours (or, tightly covered with plastic, up to 3 days). To serve, unmold trifle and peel away parchment.


1 stick butter
6 large eggs
¼ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. fine salt
1 c. sugar
⅓ c. flaked unsweetened unsweetened coconut
1 c. all-purpose flour
2 c. heavy cream
1 can unsweetened coconut milk
1 can sweetened condensed milk
3 c. mixed fresh berries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9- by 13-inch glass baking pan. Whisk together egg whites, baking soda, and salt in a stand mixer fitted with whisk attachment on medium speed, until soft peaks form, 4 to 5 minutes.
Add egg yolks to egg-white mixture, and whisk until completely combined. Gradually add sugar, and whisk until combined. Fold in butter and coconut with a rubber spatula.
Sift 1/4 cup flour onto mixture; fold to combine. Repeat with remaining flour, folding in 1/4 cup at a time. Pour batter into pan; bake until golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk together 1 cup heavy cream, the coconut milk, and condensed milk. As soon as cake is removed from oven, pour cream mixture over cake. Let cake cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Cover cake with plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 5 hours and up to 8 hours.
Just before serving, whisk remaining cup heavy cream until soft peaks form, and spread over cake. Serve with mixed berries.


½ lb. strawberries
¼ c. sugar
½ lb. blueberries
1¼ c. low-fat plain yogurt
In a food processor, purée strawberries with 1 tablespoon sugar. Transfer to a small bowl. In processor, purée blueberries with 1 tablespoon sugar. In another small bowl, whisk together yogurt and 2 tablespoons sugar. Pour the 3 mixtures, alternating, into ten 3-ounce ice-pop molds, making 3 to 5 layers in each. With a skewer or thin-bladed knife, swirl mixtures together in an up-and-down motion. Insert ice-pop sticks and freeze until solid, 2 1/2 to 3 hours (or up to 1 week).


1 c. water
½ c. meringue powder (see Note)
2 lb. confectioners' sugar
Gel-paste food coloring in Red Red, Royal Blue, and Navy Blue (see Note)
Whisk water and meringue powder with a mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Add sugar, and beat until icing holds a ribbonlike trail on the surface for 5 seconds when beater is raised. (Icing should be the consistency of glue.)
Transfer two-thirds of the white icing to the squeeze bottle with the larger hole or to the pastry bag fitted with the larger tip.
Divide remaining icing in half, and tint one half using red food coloring and the other half using the 2 blue food colorings until desired colors are achieved.
Transfer red and blue icings to the remaining 2 squeeze bottles or the pastry bags fitted with the smaller tips.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 stick cold unsalted butter
8 oz. cold cream cheese
¾ c. buttermilk
Raw sugar or fine sanding sugar
2 pt. blueberries
2 pt. strawberries
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 c. heavy cream
Make the biscuits:
Divide dough in half. Working with one portion at a time on a lightly floured work surface, pat into a disk, then roll into a 10-inch round. Transfer to baking sheets lined with parchment paper.
Brush biscuits with buttermilk. Generously sprinkle raw or sanding sugar over tops and sides. Brush off sugar from parchment. Bake until dough has risen slightly and is golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes (if bottoms brown too quickly, reduce temperature to 400 degrees). Leave biscuits on sheets. Using a 2 1/2-inch star cutter, cut out (but do not remove) 7 stars from one biscuit while it is still warm. Let cool.
Using a paring knife, carefully remove star shapes. Reserve for snacking or another use. (Biscuits can be made up to 8 hours ahead; store on wire racks, and cover loosely with plastic wrap.)
Make the filling:
Just before serving, beat cream to medium peaks with remaining tablespoon sugar and the vanilla.
Assemble the cake:


1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
½ c. cold butter
¼ c. pineapple juice
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 pt. raspberries
½ pt. blackberries
2  nectarines
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
Fresh mint sprigs
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make the cookies: In a food processor, pulse together flour, confectioners' sugar, and butter until large clumps form. With the motor running, pour in pineapple juice and then vanilla; process until dough just comes together (about 30 seconds).
Transfer dough to a floured surface; roll out to a 12-inch round. With a 2-inch biscuit cutter, cut out rounds. Gather scraps; roll and cut out more rounds (to make about 20).
Place rounds on a baking sheet; sprinkle with granulated sugar. Bake until golden brown on the bottom, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool cookies on baking sheet.
Meanwhile, make the filling: In a 2-quart microwave-safe dish, arrange fruit in layers, sprinkling each layer with sugar; do not stir. Cover; microwave on high until nectarines are soft and juice has collected in the bottom, about 5 minutes. Uncover carefully; let cool.
To assemble, place a cookie in the bottom of each of six small serving dishes. Dividing evenly, spoon filling into dish. Top with another cookie, and garnish with mint, if desired.


6 large nectarines (about 2 pounds)
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. elderflower liqueur or white dessert wine (optional)
½ c. cold heavy cream
1 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
With a paring knife, lightly score an "X" into bottom of nectarines (this will help with peeling later). Place in a medium pot, along with granulated sugar, vanilla, liqueur, if using, and enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over medium-high. Cover and reduce heat. Simmer until nectarines are easily pierced with a knife, 10 to 14 minutes, depending on size. With a slotted spoon, transfer nectarines to a medium bowl. When cool enough to handle, peel and return to syrup.
In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat cream and confectioners' sugar on high until stiff peaks form, about 3 minutes. Serve nectarines with some poaching liquid and a dollop of whipped cream.


¾ c. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ c. yellow cornmeal
2 tbsp. yellow cornmeal
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1½ tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
3 large eggs
¾ c. buttermilk
4 medium nectarines
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9- by 5-inch loaf pan. Dust with sugar and flour, and tap out excess; set aside. In a mixing bowl, cream butter until smooth. Add 1 cup sugar; beat until light and fluffy.
In a bowl, whisk together flour, cornmeal, lemon zest, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In another bowl, whisk together eggs, buttermilk, and lemon juice.
With mixer on low speed, add flour mixture to butter mixture in two batches, alternating with the buttermilk mixture. Beat until just combined, scraping bowl as needed. Pour batter into prepared pan.
Bake until center is springy to the touch, about 55 minutes; drape with foil if cake browns too quickly. Let cool 10 minutes in pan; invert cake onto a wire rack. Reinvert and let cool completely.
In a skillet, stir together nectarines and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar; add 2 tablespoons water. Cook, stirring, until fruit is soft and liquid syrupy, about 5 minutes. Let cool before serving with the cake.


2  peaches
2  nectarines
2  plums
2 sprig fresh rosemary
2 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. fresh lime juice
mascarpone cheese
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Prick skins of peaches, nectarines, and plums with a fork, then quarter and pit. In a 9- by 13-inch roasting pan, toss fruit with fresh rosemary, sugar, unsalted butter, and fresh lime juice.
Roast fruit until fork-tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Discard rosemary.
Serve fruit warm with a dollop of mascarpone cheese.


½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
4 large egg yolks
¼ c. dry white wine
2 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
salt
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
3½ lb. stone fruit
1½ c. heavy cream
1 loaf homemade or store-bought pound or sponge cake
Lemon zest matchsticks
Whisk together 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, the yolks, wine, lemon juice, and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Simmer, stirring, until thick, 3 to 5 minutes.
Strain through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stir in grated zest. Gradually whisk in butter until smooth. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface of curd. Refrigerate until set, about 1 hour or up to 2 days.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Toss fruit with remaining  1/4 cup sugar. Roast fruit on 2 rimmed baking sheets, rotating their positions halfway through, until caramelized and juicy, 15 to 17 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, with juices. Let cool slightly.
Whisk cream until soft peaks form. Whisk curd to loosen. Working in 3 additions, fold whipped cream into curd.
Layer a third of the cake in the bottom of a 12-cup bowl. Cover with a third of the lemon mousse. Spoon a third of the roasted fruit over lemon mousse. Repeat twice with remaining cake, lemon mousse, and fruit. Refrigerate trifle at least 2 hours or up to 1 day. Garnish with lemon zest.


7 oz. unsalted butter
1 c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. light brown sugar
4 large egg whites
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. pure almond extract
1 c. toasted, unsalted pistachios
½ c. cake flour
1 pinch salt
Sweetened whipped crème fraîche
Fresh berries
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter and flour 36 mini muffin cups. In a saucepan, cook the 7 ounces of butter over moderate heat, shaking the pan, until the milk solids begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Scrape the butter and browned solids into a bowl and let cool. Whisk in the brown sugar, egg whites, granulated sugar, and almond extract.
In another bowl, whisk the pistachios with the 1 cup of all-purpose flour, the cake flour, and the salt. Fold the dry ingredients into the brown butter mixture until combined.
Spoon the batter into the muffin cups and bake for about 15 minutes, until risen but still slightly soft in the center. Let cool slightly, then invert onto a rack to cool. Serve the financiers with crème fraîche and berries.


3  ripe peaches
1½ c. extra-virgin olive oil
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. kosher salt
3 large eggs
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
Sweetened vanilla Greek yogurt or vanilla ice cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9- by 13-inch baking pan with parchment paper and coat with vegetable oil spray. In a bowl, toss the peaches with 1/4 cup of the olive oil, 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons of the sugar, and the salt. Let stand until juicy, about 15 minutes.
In a bowl, whisk the eggs, the remaining 3/4 cup of sugar, and 1 1/4 cups of olive oil. In another bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, and baking soda. Whisk the dry ingredients into the egg mixture. Fold in the peaches and juices. Scrape the batter into the pan; bake for 35 minutes, until golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Let cool slightly, then serve with Greek yogurt.


6 c. cake flour
2 tbsp. baking powder
1½ tsp. table salt
2 c. milk
1½ tbsp. pure vanilla extract
3 stick unsalted butter
4 c. sugar
8 large eggs
confectioners' sugar
1 qt. heavy cream
2 c. sugar
1½ lb. extra-dark chocolate
4 stick unsalted butter
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F; arrange 3 racks in the oven. Line three 12- by 17-inch baking sheets with parchment paper and spray with vegetable oil.
In a large bowl, whisk the cake flour with the baking powder and salt. In a measuring cup, combine the milk and vanilla. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter until creamy. Add the sugar and beat at medium speed until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well between additions. At low speed, beat in the dry and wet ingredients in 3 alternating batches.
Spread the batter (there will be about 14 cups) evenly on the 3 baking sheets. Bake for about 30 minutes, just until springy; shift the pans halfway through for even baking. Let the cakes cool completely in the pans.
Dust the cake tops generously with confectioners' sugar. Invert the cakes onto cutting boards or sturdy cardboard and remove the sheets and peel off the parchment. Shake the boards to make sure the cakes don't stick.
In a very large saucepan, combine 3 1/2 cups of the cream with the sugar and bring to a boil. Simmer over low heat for 10 minutes, stirring until slightly reduced. Remove from the heat. Add the chocolate. Let stand for 5 minutes, then whisk until smooth. Let the ganache cool.
Using an electric mixer at moderate speed, beat the remaining  1/2 cup of cream into the ganache. Add the butter and beat until creamy, about 1 minute. Transfer half of the ganache (about 3 1/2 cups) to a bowl and beat in the confectioners' sugar to make the filling.
Immediately spread half of the filling over the top of a cake layer. Top with a second layer and spread with the remaining filling. Top with the third cake layer. Chill for 20 minutes.
Trim the cake neatly. Slide parchment paper strips under the cake to catch frosting. Spread a thin layer of frosting around the side of the cake, then top with the remaining frosting. Refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.
Remove the paper strips. Bring the cake to room temperature before serving.


½ c. Crème fraîche
1 tbsp. honey
3 slice country bread
unsalted butter
¼ c. sugar
4 c. mixed fresh berries
1 pinch kosher salt
Light a hardwood charcoal fire. In a bowl, whisk the crème fraîche with the honey.
Brush both sides of the bread slices with butter and generously sprinkle with sugar. Grill the bread over moderately high heat, turning once, until crisp and caramelized, 3 minutes. Transfer to a platter and let cool.
In a medium bowl, toss the berries with the 1/4 cup of sugar and the salt. Spread the berries on a perforated grill sheet or in a grill basket and grill over moderately high heat, tossing, until starting to burst, 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool slightly.
Spoon the berries on the crostini and top with dollops of the honey crème fraîche.


⅓ c. mild honey
½ c. heavy cream
1½ c. milk
3 sprig thyme
1  vanilla bean
4 large egg yolks
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. sugar
¾ tsp. unflavored gelatin
raspberries
Sea salt
In a saucepan, cook the 1/3 cup of honey over moderately low heat for 2 minutes. Add the heavy cream, milk, thyme, and vanilla bean, and seeds and simmer over low heat for 4 minutes. Discard the thyme and vanilla bean.
In a heatproof bowl, whisk the egg yolks, cornstarch, and sugar. Gradually whisk in the hot honey milk. Return to the saucepan; whisk over moderate heat until thickened and bubbling, 3 to 4 minutes. Off the heat, whisk in the softened gelatin. Strain into 4 small jars and refrigerate until chilled, 1 hour. Serve with berries, honey, and a sprinkling of sea salt.


1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. butterscotch chips
½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. brown sugar
1  egg
1  egg yolk
2 tsp. vanilla extract
white chocolate chips
4 oz. white chocolate chips
Adjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9- by 9-inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. Sift the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a bowl; set aside. In a small bowl toss 1/2 cup of the butterscotch chips in 1 tablespoon flour and set aside.
Combine the butter with the brown sugar. Add the egg, egg yolk, and vanilla and mix until incorporated. Gradually add the flour mixture, stirring until mixture is smooth. Stir in the flour-coated butterscotch chips until combined.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan. Scatter the remaining butterscotch chips evenly over the top of the batter. Bake for 20 minutes or until just set. Let cool in pan. Cut into 2- by 1- inch rectangles. Press the white chocolate chips, pointed side down, into the blondies in domino patterns.
Spoon the melted chocolate into a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip. Pipe a line of chocolate crosswise at the half point on each bar. Let dry. Arrange the bars in a rimmed tray filled with colored candy and set on table.


6 c. crunchy, plain cereal (Rice Chex or something similar works best)
1¼ c. coarsely chopped salted peanuts
1 c. firmly packed dark brown sugar
1 c. light corn syrup
1 c. smooth peanut butter
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1½ tsp. salt
6 oz. good-quality milk chocolate
Butter the bottom and sides of a 9- by 13-inch baking pan. Line the pan with parchment paper so that the paper overhangs the pan on two sides. Butter the parchment.
Place the cereal and peanuts in a large bowl and use your hands to toss together until mixed well.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, stir together the sugar and corn syrup. Bring the mixture to a boil for one full minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the peanut butter, vanilla, and salt. Stir until the mixture is combined.
Pour the sugar mixture over the cereal mixture and use a spoon or well-greased hands (be careful, as the liquid may still be very hot) to toss until the cereal is completely coated with the sugar mixture. Turn the mixture out into the prepared pan. Grease your hands and press the mixture into the bottom of the pan, being careful not to crush the cereal.
Allow the mixture to cool to room temperature (if you wish to speed this process, you may place the entire pan in the refrigerator for 15 to 20 minutes).
Melt the chocolate in a microwave or double boiler. Use a spoon or piping bag to decorate the tops of the bars in a stripe or zigzag pattern. Allow the chocolate to set.
Lift the bars out of the pan using the parchment paper overhang, cut them into approximately 3-inch by 1 1/2-inch rectangles (i.e., candy bars).
The bars can be stored at room temperature, in an airtight container, for up to 3 days. If the weather is hot and humid, you might want to keep them in the refrigerator instead.


1 can sweetened condensed milk
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
1 pinch salt
7 tbsp. butter
A few drops of ice water
3  bananas
½ c. mascarpone cheese
¾ c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
Dark chocolate to grate over the pie (optional)
Make the caramel:
Let the can cool completely. The milk in the can has now changed into a thick caramel.
Make the crust:
Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest for about 30 minutes in the fridge.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-inch pie pan with butter. Roll out the dough on a floured surface and line the pan with the dough. Trim off any excess. With a fork, prick holes all over the bottom of the crust.  Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes.
Let the crust cool completely. You can do all this a day in advance.
Fill the pie:
In a medium bowl, beat the mascarpone with the cream and powdered sugar until stiff.  Cover the pie with a generous layer of cream. Grate some chocolate over it, if you like.


Canola oil cooking spray
4 c. half-and-half
¾ c. honey
3 tbsp. honey
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. kosher salt
3  eggs
4  egg yolks
3  very ripe bananas
6 c. 1-inch bread cubes
1 c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9- by 13-inch baking pan or glass dish with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, whisk together half-and-half, 3/4 cup honey, cinnamon, salt, eggs and yolks, and bananas until well incorporated. Stir in bread and set aside to let soak 15 minutes.
Transfer to a prepared pan and spread out evenly. Bake until firm in the middle and golden brown around the edges, 45 to 55 minutes. Set aside to let cool, about 1 hour.
In a clean, large bowl, whisk cream and remaining 3 tablespoons honey until soft peaks form. Serve bread pudding with whipped cream dolloped on top.


½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. agave nectar
2 tbsp. finely grated lemon zest
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1  egg
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. yellow cornmeal
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
1½ c. chopped raw pistachios
In a medium bowl, whisk together butter, agave, zest, vanilla, and egg. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt. Add butter mixture to flour mixture and stir until well combined. Cover and chill dough until cold and firm, 2 to 4 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Place pistachios in a medium bowl.
Working in batches, form each cooking by shaping about 2 tablespoons dough into a ball and rolling in pistachios to coat. Arrange on prepared baking sheet, spacing the cookies about 2 inches apart. Bake until puffed and golden brown on the bottom, 13 to 15 minutes. (Refrigerate unshaped dough between batches.) Set cookies aside to let cool, then serve. Cookies can be stored in an airtight container up to 2 days.


1½ c. pure maple syrup
2 c. heavy cream
1 c. whole milk
4  eggs
1  egg yolk
¼ tsp. kosher salt
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange eight (5- to 6-ounce) ramekins or ovenproof bowls in a large roasting pan.
In a medium pot, bring 1 cup syrup to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer until reduced by half, about 30 minutes. (Keep a close eye on the syrup to ensure it doesn’t boil over or burn.) Immediately divide syrup reduction among ramekins, swirling each to coat the bottom.
Bring a medium pot of water just to a boil. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together cream, milk, eggs and yolk, salt, vanilla, and remaining 1/2 cup syrup until well combined, then pour evenly into ramekins.
Working near the oven (so that you won’t have to walk far with the roasting pan), carefully ladle hot water into the pan to reach around 3/4 of the way up the side of each ramekin. Gently place roasting pan in oven and bake until custards are just slightly jiggly in the center, about 40 minutes.
Set roasting pan aside until ramekins are cool enough to move, then remove and set aside until completely cool. Cover and chill overnight, or up to 4 days.
To serve, run a small paring knife around the inside edge of each ramekin and invert onto a serving plate.


1½ c. heavy cream
½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
.13 tsp. kosher salt
1 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. kosher salt
9 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
2 tbsp. whole milk
1  egg yolk
¾ c. heavy cream
½  whole milk
1¼ c. semisweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ tsp. kosher salt
2  egg yolks
1 block semisweet chocolate
To make dark chocolate mousse:
To make crust:
Working on a lightly floured surface, roll out dough into a 12-inch circle. Carefully transfer to a 9-inch aluminum or glass pie pan and press gently into the bottom and sides. Crimp and trim dough as desired, leaving a 1/4-inch lip around the edge to allow for shrinkage during baking. Chill 30 minutes, or cover and chill up to overnight.
Once dough is chilled, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom and sides of the pie shell with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until golden brown all over, 30 to 35 minutes. Carefully remove paper and pie weights and set pie shell aside.
To make chocolate truffle filling:
To finish the mousse, beat with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form. Spoon onto lie and spread out evenly. Using a vegetable peeler or the back of a paring knife, shave chocolate onto pie, scattering curls evenly over the top. Serve immediately, or cover with plastic wrap and chill up to 1 day.


6 c. fresh orange juice
¾ c. apple juice
1  vanilla bean
½ c. honey
1 c. dried cranberries
2  ripe pears
2  navel oranges
1  grapefruit
8  mint leaves
In a medium pot, bring orange juice to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and boil gently, stirring occasionally, until reduced by half, about 45 minutes. Stir in apple juice and set aside to let cool to room temperature. Transfer to a freezer-proof, airtight container and freeze for 8 hours or overnight.
Split vanilla bean down the middle and scrape out the seeds using the dull side of a paring or table knife. (If using vanilla extract, add it later, along with the fruit). Transfer seeds to a small pot, whisk in 1 cup water and the honey, and bring just to a boil. Remove from heat and add cranberries and pears, submerging them in the poaching liquid. Cover and set aside for 1 hour, then transfer to an airtight container and chill until cold, about 4 hours or overnight.
To serve, set granita aside at room temperature until scraping a spoon across the surface produces crystalline ice shavings, about 15 minutes. Meanwhile, stir oranges and grapefruit into poached fruit. Transfer ice shavings to bowls, and use a slotted spoon to arrange some fruit on top of each serving. (Save poaching liquid for another use, if you’d like.) Garnish with mint and serve immediately.


½ lb. unsalted butter
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. kosher salt
1¼ c. pure maple syrup
½ c. whole milk
3  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3  Granny Smith apples
½ c. walnuts
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9-inch round, 2-inch deep cake pan with butter, line the bottom with a round of parchment paper, and lightly grease again. Dust with flour, tapping out any excess.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together melted butter, syrup, milk, eggs, and vanilla, then whisk in flour mixture until combined. Stir in apples and walnuts until well incorporated, then transfer to a prepared pan and spread out evenly. If you’d like, arrange some of the apples in the batter into a decorative spiral pattern on top.
Bake until cake is deep golden brown and springs back in the middle when touched, 60 to 70 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Loosen edges with a knife and transfer to a large plate, discarding parchment paper. Serve warm or at room temperature.


Nonstick olive oil cooking spray
1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. fine sea salt
1 c. granulated sugar
1½  minced fresh rosemary
Finely grated zest of 1 orange
Finely grated zest of 1 lemon
3 large eggs
¼ c. whole milk
¾ c. extra-virgin olive oil
12 oz. slender rhubarb
1 lb. fresh strawberries
¾ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
confectioner's sugar
extra-virgin olive oil
Cake:
In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking powder, and salt together.
In a large bowl, combine the sugar and rosemary. Add orange and lemon zest, then rub mixture between your fingertips until it is moist and fragrant. Add eggs and, using an electric  mixer, beat on medium-high speed for about 5 minutes, or until pale and thick.  Beat in milk. Gradually beat in  olive oil. Using a wooden spoon, stir in flour mixture just until blended. Spread batter in pan.
Bake for about 35 minutes, or until a wooden toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out  with moist crumbs attached. Let cool in pan on a wire cake rack for 15 minutes, then invert cake onto rack and remove and discard paper. Invert cake, right side up, onto a cake plate.
Compote:
Sift confectioners' sugar over cake. Cut cake into wedges, place on dessert plates, and spoon compote on top. Drizzle a little olive oil around cake and serve.


¾ c. canned almond pastry
1  refrigerated premade piecrust
4 medium plums
Spread canned almond pastry filling on piecrust (rolled out to 12 inches on parchment-paper-lined cookie sheet), leaving 2-inch border; top with plums, fold in edges, and bake at 400 degrees F for 30 to 35 minutes or until crust is golden and filling is bubbling.


2 tbsp. sliced almonds
1  peach
6 oz. Greek yogurt
1 tbsp. brown sugar
Microwave almonds on plate 1 minute or until toasted. Mix sliced peach and brown sugar in bowl; spoon over yogurt. Top with almonds.


¼ c. blueberries
¼ c. crushed cinnamon-flavored graham crackers
1 tbsp. honey
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
6 oz. Greek yogurt
Top yogurt with blueberries, graham crackers, honey, and vanilla extract.


2 tbsp. chocolate-hazelnut spread
1 tsp. raspberry jam
6 oz. Greek yogurt
raspberries
Stir chocolate-hazelnut spread and raspberry jam into yogurt. Garnish with fresh raspberries.


¼ c. sweetened shredded coconut
½ c. chopped pineapple
6 oz. Greek yogurt
Microwave coconut on high on plate, 1 to 2 minutes, until toasted; spoon over yogurt with pineapple.


4 large egg whites
1 tsp. distilled white vinegar
2 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tsp. confectioners' sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 c. boysenberries
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
½ c. heavy cream
1 c. store-bought lemon curd
16 small fresh mint leaves
Cut a piece of parchment to fit a rimmed baking sheet. Using a small bowl and a pencil, trace four 5-inch circles, 2 to 3 inches apart, on the parchment; bear down so that the circles will be visible from the other side. Place parchment, marked side down, on baking sheet. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat egg whites and vinegar until soft peaks form, about 4 minutes. Increase speed to high and sprinkle in 1 cup confectioners' sugar, a few tablespoons at a time, and cornstarch; beat until meringue is thick and shiny and holds stiff peaks, about 5 minutes.
Using a spatula, gently spread one-fourth of the meringue inside each parchment circle. Using the back of a spoon, create a 1-inch-deep well in the center of each meringue. Bake until meringues are a very pale golden color, about 45 minutes. Turn heat off and prop oven door open slightly with a wooden spoon. Let meringues cool in oven until crisp, 1 to 2 hours.
In a medium bowl, mix together boysenberries, granulated sugar, and lemon juice. Let sit 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, place beaters from an electric mixer and a medium-size metal or glass bowl in the freezer and chill until very cold, about 10 minutes. In chilled bowl, combine cream and remaining confectioners' sugar. Using an electric mixer, beat until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes.
In a medium bowl, fold together whipped cream and lemon curd; spoon into wells of meringues. Top with reserved boysenberries, and garnish with mint.


2½ c. unbleached all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
1 stick cold unsalted butter
1 c. milk
1 tbsp. milk
½ c. heavy cream
1½ tsp. confectioners' sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
2  ripe peaches
½ tsp. fresh lemon juice
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, stir together flour, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt. Using your fingers, work butter into dry ingredients until mixture resembles small pebbles. Add 1 cup milk and, with a fork or wooden spoon, mix until just combined. (If dough is too dry and crumbly, add 1 tablespoon more milk.)
With floured hands, gently shape dough into a ball. On a floured work surface, roll out or pat dough into a 1/2-inch-thick circle. Using a 3-inch round cutter or the rim of a glass, cut out dough. Repeat process, gathering scraps and re-rolling until you have 8 cut circles. Place on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until tops and bottoms are golden brown, 15 to 17 minutes. Transfer baking sheet to a wire rack and let cool completely.
Meanwhile, place beaters from an electric mixer and a medium-size metal or glass bowl in the freezer and chill until very cold, about 10 minutes. In chilled bowl, combine cream, confectioners' sugar, and vanilla. Using an electric mixer, beat until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate whipped cream for up to 2 hours.
In a medium bowl, toss peaches, lemon juice, and remaining granulated sugar to combine. Set aside.
Using a serrated knife, split shortcakes in half horizontally. Place bottom halves, cut side up, on 8 plates. Divide reserved peaches among bottom halves of shortcakes. Top each with a dollop of reserved whipped cream; then cap with a top half.


6  chocolate caramel nougat candy bars (such as Milky Ways)
½ c. unsalted butter
6 c. toasted corn cereal (such as Corn Chex)
1 package milk chocolate chips
¼ c. chopped roasted, unsalted almonds
2 tbsp. mini semisweet chocolate chips
Line an 8-inch square pan with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on 2 sides.
In a large microwave-safe bowl, melt the candy bars and butter, stirring every 30 seconds, until nearly melted, about 1 minute total. Whisk mixture until fully incorporated.
Gently fold in the cereal until evenly coated. Press the mixture into the prepared pan and set aside.
Melt the milk chocolate chips according to package directions. Spread over the cereal mixture. Sprinkle with the almonds and mini chocolate chips. Refrigerate until set, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days. Before serving, transfer to a cutting board using the overhangs and cut into squares.


1 c. unsalted butter
2 bar bittersweet chocolate
1½ c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
1½ c. all-purpose flour
4 c. Ice cream
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Place the butter and chocolate in a medium saucepan and cook, stirring, over medium-low heat until melted. Remove from heat and whisk in the sugar, then the eggs. Add the flour and stir until smooth.
Spoon 1 tablespoon batter onto the prepared baking sheet; drop a second tablespoon on top. Repeat with the remaining batter, spacing the cookies 1 1/2 in. apart. Bake until puffed and set, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes, then transfer to wire racks to cool completely.
Form sandwiches with 2 cookies and 1/4 cup ice cream. Serve immediately or freeze, tightly wrapped, for up to 3 days.


4 tsp. instant espresso
¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
20  ladyfinger cookies
1 package powdered gelatin
1 package bittersweet chocolate chips
4 c. heavy cream
6 large egg whites
Shaved chocolate
In a glass measuring cup or bowl, combine the espresso with 1 tablespoon sugar. Add 3/4 cup boiling water and stir to dissolve. Line the bottom of a 9- by 13-inch baking dish with the cookies. Drizzle the espresso mixture over the cookies; set aside.
Place 2 tablespoons water in a small microwave-safe bowl. Sprinkle the gelatin over the top and let sit for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, microwave the chocolate chips and 1/2 cup cream in a medium microwave-safe bowl until the chocolate is nearly melted, 45 to 60 seconds. Microwave the gelatin mixture until it melts, about 15 seconds. Stir the gelatin into the chocolate mixture until melted and smooth. Let cool for 5 minutes.
Using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add 1/4 cup sugar, beating until stiff, glossy peaks form, about 4 minutes. Fold the chocolate mixture into the egg white mixture.
In a second large bowl, using an electric mixer (with clean beaters), beat 2 1/2 cups cream until soft peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the chocolate–egg white mixture. Spread over the cookies and chill for at least 4 hours and up to 3 days (making sure to cover it after 1 hour).
Just before serving, using an electric mixer, beat the remaining cup of cream and tablespoon sugar in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Spread over the chocolate mousse. Sprinkle with shaved chocolate, if desired.


3 c. all-purpose flour
flour
2 tbsp. sugar
2½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
½ c. vegetable shortening
vegetable shortening
1 c. buttermilk
¼ c. melted unsalted butter
Chocolate gravy
⅓ stick butter
⅔ c. sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. cocoa
2 c. whole milk
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Cut in the shortening with a fork until it looks like cornmeal. Add the buttermilk, a little at a time, stirring constantly until well mixed.
Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead lightly 2 or 3 times. Roll out the dough with a floured rolling pin to 1/2-inch thickness. Cut dough into circles with a 2-inch cutter.
Place the biscuits in a greased iron skillet. Gently press down the top of the biscuits. Brush the biscuits with half the melted butter and bake for 14 minutes or until golden brown. Brush the hot biscuits with the remaining butter. Split the biscuits in half and ladle Chocolate Gravy over the hot biscuits.
Chocolate Gravy: Heat butter in a cast iron skillet over low heat. Mix in sugar, flour, and cocoa. Slowly pour 1 cup of milk into the skillet and whisk well to remove lumps. Whisk in remaining milk, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick, being careful not to scorch. Serve hot over biscuits.


6 oz. Sauza® Blue Silver 100% Agave Tequila
4 oz. chocolate liqueur (like Godiva® Chocolate Liqueur)
½ c. chocolate syrup
⅓ c. cream
ice
mini marshmallows
chocolate sauce
Toothpicks
Combine all margarita ingredients (through cream) in a shaker with ice. Pour into prepared glasses rimmed with chocolate sauce (if desired). Garnish with a skewer of mini marshmallows.


⅓ c. cornstarch
5 large egg yolks
2 c. whole milk
⅓ c. honey
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
½ c. cold unsalted butter
2 tbsp. apricot jam
2 to 4 tbsp. ice water
5  apricots
Make filling:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Make crust:
Press dough evenly into a 9-inch removable-bottom tart pan, starting with the sides. Freeze until firm, 15 to 20 minutes. Prick dough all over with a fork. Bake until golden, pressing down with a spoon if the tart shell puffs, 35 to 40 minutes. Let cool completely. (To store, keep at room temperature, up to 1 day.)
Whisk chilled pudding until smooth; spread in cooled tart shell, and top with apricots. In a small saucepan, heat jam over medium-low until liquefied; gently brush apricots with jam. Refrigerate tart in pan 1 hour (or up to 3 hours); unmold just before serving.


1 pt. vanilla, coffee, or chocolate ice cream
1 c. strong-brewed hot coffee
Biscotti
Dividing evenly, scoop ice cream into four serving dishes. Pour 1/4 cup coffee over the ice cream in each dish. Serve immediately with biscotti, if desired.


4 c. strongly brewed coffee-chicory blend
6 tbsp. sweetened condensed milk
½ c. whole milk
2 tbsp. whole milk
½ c. rum-based orange liqueur
ice cubes
orange twists
Combine coffee-chicory blend, milks, and liqueur, and stir to combine well. Refrigerate until well chilled, at least 1 1/2 hours. Serve over ice, garnished with orange twists.


3 c. vanilla gelato or ice cream
2 c. strongly brewed espresso
Espresso beans
Arrange 12 small glasses on a rimmed baking sheet. Fill each with 1/4 cup gelato. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes. Pour 3 tablespoons espresso over each. Garnish with espresso beans. Serve immediately.


2 c. heavy cream
2 c. whole milk
⅓ c. ground espresso (not instant)
8 large egg yolks
¾ c. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 c. heavy cream
½ c. sugar
1  vanilla bean
½ c. chocolate-covered espresso beans
Biscotti
Espresso Ice Cream:
Prepare an ice-water bath. Uncover cream mixture, and reheat until hot but not boiling. Whisk yolks, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Add hot cream mixture in a slow, steady stream, whisking constantly until well combined. Return mixture to saucepan, and stir constantly over medium heat until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 8 minutes. (Do not let the mixture come to a simmer.)
Strain through a fine sieve into a bowl. Discard solids. Set the bowl in the ice-water bath. Stir in vanilla, and let cool, stirring occasionally, until cold, about 20 minutes.
Freeze mixture in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions. Transfer to a large container, and freeze until firm, about 1 hour. (Ice cream can be frozen overnight.)
Frozen Vanilla Cream:
Assemble:


3 oz. salted Marcona almonds
3 oz. chopped semisweet chocolate
1 qt. coffee ice cream
Stir almonds into melted chocolate. Transfer almonds, a few at a time, to a parchment-lined baking sheet using a fork, letting excess chocolate drip off. Freeze for 10 minutes, then coarsely chop almonds.
Transfer ice cream to a bowl, and let stand at room temperature for 5 minutes to soften. Stir half the chocolate-covered almonds into the ice cream, and cover with plastic wrap. Freeze until firm, at least 30 minutes.
Scoop ice cream into bowls. Top with remaining almonds.


2 c. whole milk
2 c. heavy cream
1 c. sugar
½ c. brewed espresso
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
8 large egg yolks
Prepare an ice-water bath. Combine milk, cream, 1/2 cup sugar, the espresso, and vanilla in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat.
Meanwhile, whisk together egg yolks and remaining 1/2 cup sugar in a bowl.
Gradually whisk half the hot milk mixture into the egg-yolk mixture. Pour egg-yolk mixture into saucepan, and whisk. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.
Pour through a fine sieve into a heatproof bowl set in ice-water bath. Let cool, stirring occasionally. Place plastic wrap on surface of custard to prevent a skin from forming, and refrigerate 2 hours.
Freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer's instructions. Transfer to an airtight container, and freeze for at least 1 hour before serving.


3 pt. coffee ice cream
9 oz. chocolate wafer cookies
54  chocolate-covered espresso beans
Line a rimmed baking sheet with plastic wrap; place in freezer. Using a 1/4-cup ice cream scoop, make a slightly rounded ball of ice cream. Press your thumb into center to make an indentation, and fill it with 3 chocolate-covered espresso beans. From edges of indentation, spread and press ice cream over to seal; transfer ball to baking sheet in freezer. Repeat to make 18 ice cream balls in all. Freeze until hardened, 2 to 3 hours.
Remove ice cream balls from freezer and allow to soften at room temperature for 3 to 5 minutes. (This will help the crushed wafers adhere in next step).
Put crushed wafers in a shallow dish; roll ice cream balls in wafers, and pat to coat. Place  tartufo on baking sheet, and freeze for at least 2 hours before serving.


2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. whole milk
¾ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. light brown sugar
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
2 large eggs
1½ c. blueberries
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1  very ripe banana
½ tsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice
1  kosher salt
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and fill 12 muffin cups with paper liners.
In a large bowl, whisk the flour with the baking powder and salt. In a medium bowl, whisk the butter with the milk, both sugars, lemon zest, and eggs. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and whisk just until combined. Fold in the blueberries. Spoon the batter into the muffin cups and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the muffins are golden. Let cool for 5 minutes. Unmold the muffins and let cool on a rack.
In a food processor, puree the butter, banana, lemon juice, and salt. Serve with the muffins.


2 lb. blackberries
3½ c. sugar
2  lemons
2 lb. raspberries
4 oz. kirsch or other cherry-flavored liqueur
Bring blackberries, 1 3/4 cups sugar, and juice of 1 lemon to a simmer in a large pot over medium heat. Cook until sugar dissolves and berries are soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Press parchment directly on surface of jam, and refrigerate overnight. Repeat with raspberries and remaining 1 3/4 cups sugar and juiced lemon in another large pot.
Remove parchment; bring each pot to a boil. Cook over medium-high heat until berries are slightly broken down and jam is consistency of very loose jelly, about 12 minutes for blackberries and about 17 minutes for raspberries. Plate-test jam to make sure it is set.
Divide blackberry jam between four 1/2-pint-size sterilized glass jars, filling each halfway; top each with 1/2 ounce kirsch. Divide raspberry jam between jars; top each with 1/2 ounce kirsch, leaving 1/4-inch headspace at tops. Can in water bath for 10 minutes.


1 pt. vanilla ice cream
½ c. whole milk
1 lb. strawberries
2 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
In a blender, purée the ice cream and milk until smooth. Pour into 4 glasses. Rinse out the blender. Add the strawberries and lemon zest and purée. Top the milk shakes with some of the strawberry purée and serve.


1 c. long-grain white rice
3 c. water
4 stick cinnamon
¼ c. sliced almonds
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tbsp. sugar
¼ c. sweetened condensed milk
2 tbsp. sweetened condensed milk
½  banana
1 pt. vanilla ice cream
½ c. ice
In a bowl, cover the rice with the water. Add the cinnamon sticks and let stand at room temperature for at least 3 hours or overnight; discard the cinnamon sticks.
Meanwhile, in a skillet, toast the almonds over moderate heat, tossing, until fragrant, 3 minutes. In a small bowl, blend 1 tablespoon of the ground cinnamon with the sugar.
Transfer the rice and its liquid to a blender. Add the almonds and purée for 2 minutes. Strain the horchata through a fine sieve into a bowl. Rinse out the blender.
Return the horchata to the blender and add the condensed milk, banana, and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon of ground cinnamon and purée. Add the ice cream and ice and blend. Pour the shake into glasses, sprinkle the cinnamon sugar on top and serve.


2 large lemons
2 c. sugar

all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
Cut lemons crosswise into paper-thin rounds using a mandoline or a very sharp knife; discard ends and seeds. Place lemon slices in a medium nonreactive bowl, and add sugar; toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap, and let stand at room temperature overnight.
Roll out dough on a lightly floured work surface to 1/8 inch thick. Cut dough into seven 6-inch rounds. Fit rounds into 4 1/2-inch round tart pans with removable bottoms. Trim edges flush with tops. Place on a rimmed baking sheet; freeze until firm, 30 minutes or overnight.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F, with rack in lower third. Add eggs to lemon mixture, and stir to combine. Pour through a fine sieve into a medium bowl. Divide liquid among tart shells, then top with the lemon slices, arranging decoratively.
Bake tarts on baking sheet 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F, bake until filling is set and beginning to brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool on sheet on a wire rack 10 minutes. Remove tarts from pans, and let cool completely on wire racks.


2 c. ground coffee-and-chicory blend
3 c. milk
2¼ tsp. active dry yeast
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
4½ c. bread flour
bread flour
2 stick unsalted butter
4 tsp. kosher salt
vegetable oil
confectioners' sugar
Vanilla ice cream and espresso
In a large jar, shake the coffee with 2 cups of the milk. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Strain the milk through a fine sieve into a measuring cup and add as much fresh milk as needed to make 1 1/2 cups. Discard the coffee grounds.
In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine  1/4 cup of the coffee milk with the yeast and granulated sugar; let stand until foamy, 5 minutes. Add the remaining coffee milk, the 4 1/2 cups of bread flour and the butter and salt. Mix at low speed until the dough just comes together, 2 minutes. Increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough is smooth, 5 minutes. Transfer to a greased bowl, cover and let stand in a warm place until slightly risen, 2 hours. Divide the dough into 4 pieces.
On a floured work surface, roll out one piece of dough a scant 1/3 inch thick. Cut into 2-inch squares, then cut each square into two triangles. Transfer to a floured baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough. Let stand for 20 minutes.
In a saucepan, heat 2 inches of oil to 360 degrees F. Working in batches, fry 10 or 12 beignets  at a time until browned and cooked through, 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and transfer to a bowl. Dust generously with confectioners' sugar and serve immediately with vanilla ice cream and espresso.


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. cornmeal
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. sugar
1 c. unsalted butter
¼ c. ice water
Place flour, cornmeal, salt, and sugar in bowl of a food processor, and pulse several times to combine. Add butter, and process, until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. With machine running, pour ice water through feed tube in a slow, steady stream, until dough just holds together (do not process for more than 30 seconds).
Turn out dough onto a clean work surface. Divide in half, and place each half on a piece of plastic wrap. Flatten each to form a disk. Wrap, and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 1 day before using.


32  chocolate wafer cookies
2 tbsp. sugar
Coarse salt
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
12 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
1¼ c. heavy cream
1½ c. fresh raspberries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, combine cookies, sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Process until very fine crumbs form. Add butter and pulse until mixture just comes together. Press crumbs firmly into a 9-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crust is dry and set, 20 minutes. Let cool.
In a large bowl, combine chocolate and pinch of salt. In a small saucepan, bring cream to a bare simmer over medium-high. Immediately pour cream over chocolate and let stand 1 minute. Stir gently until chocolate melts and mixture is completely smooth. Pour chocolate into cooled tart shell and refrigerate until set, 30 minutes. To serve, remove tart from pan and scatter raspberries on top.


1 c. heavy cream
¼ c. sugar
3 c. strong hot coffee
4 oz. Irish whiskey
Whisk cream and sugar together in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form. Divide coffee and whiskey among 4 coffee cups, then top each with 1/2 cup whipped cream. Serve immediately.


1 box chocolate wafer cookies
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
salt
1 stick unsalted butter
1¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. water
1 c. heavy cream
⅓ c. Crème fraîche
1 c. roasted salted peanuts
8 oz. cream cheese
½ c. confectioners' sugar
salt
1¼ c. smooth peanut butter
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. heavy cream
7 oz. semisweet chocolate (preferably 56 percent cacao)
1 c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Make caramel sauce:
Meanwhile, make peanut butter mousse:
Assemble tart:
Make hocolate ganache:
Remove tart from refrigerator, and pour in ganache to cover surface. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.


2 c. HONEY MAID Graham Cracker Crumbs
½ c. sugar
½ c. butter or margarine
1½ package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 tub COOL WHP Whipped Topping
3 large fresh peaches
1½ c. boiling water
1 package JELL-O Raspberry Flavor Gelatin
2 c. ice cubes
Mix graham crumbs, 1/4 cup sugar and butter in 13- by 9-inch pan; press onto bottom of pan.
Beat cream cheese and remaining sugar in medium bowl until blended. Whisk in 1 1/2 cups COOL WHIP; spread over crust. Top with peaches. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Add boiling water to gelatin mix in large bowl; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Add ice cubes; stir until melted. Refrigerate 5 minutes or until thickened. Whisk in remaining COOL WHIP; spread over peaches. Refrigerate 4 hours or until firm.


1 package PHILADEPLPHIA Cream Cheese
1 c. butter
3 to 3¼ c. flour
10  Granny Smith apples
1 to 1¼ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¾ c. powdered sugar
1 tbsp. water
Heat oven to 400 degrees F.
Beat cream cheese and butter in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Gradually add 3 cups flour, mixing on low speed after each addition just until blended. Shape into 2 balls. Place 1 ball on large lightly floured sheet of waxed paper; flatten slightly. Cover with second floured sheet of waxed paper. Roll out dough to 15 1/2 by 10 1/2-inch rectangle. Discard top sheet of waxed paper.
Spray 15 by 10 by 1-inch pan with cooking spray; invert over rolled-out dough. Flip dough and pan together. (Pan will be on bottom.) Remove second waxed paper sheet; gently press dough onto bottom and up side of pan. Toss apples with remaining flour, granulated sugar and cinnamon; spread onto bottom of crust.
Repeat rolling out of remaining dough ball to make second rectangle. Remove top sheet of waxed paper; carefully flip dough over apples. Discard waxed paper. Tuck edges of dough down sides of pan to enclose apples. Make several slits in top crust to vent.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown.
Cool dessert 15 minutes. Meanwhile, mix powdered sugar and water. Drizzle glaze over dessert. Cool 30 minutes before cutting into bars.


1 tub PHILADELPHIA INDULGENCE Dulce de Leche Caramel
1 oz. BAKER'S Bittersweet Chocolate
¼ tsp. Sea salt
Spread INDULGENCE onto bottom of shallow dish.
Drizzle with chocolate; sprinkle with salt.
Refrigerate 15 minutes.


1 package yellow cake mix
1 c. mashed ripe bananas
1 c. BREAKSTONE'S or KNUDSEN Sour Cream
3  eggs
¼ c. oil
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
½ c. butter
1 package powdered sugar
1 c. finely chopped PLANTERS Walnuts
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Beat first 5 ingredients with mixer on low speed just until moistened, stopping frequently to scrape bottom and side of bowl. Beat on medium speed 2 minutes. Pour into greased and floured 13- by 9-inch pan.
Bake 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely.
Beat cream cheese and butter with mixer until well blended. Gradually beat in sugar.
Remove cake from pan. Carefully cut cake crosswise in half using serrated knife. Place 1 cake half, top-side down, on plate; spread with some of the frosting. Top with remaining cake half, top-side up. Spread top and sides with remaining frosting. Press nuts into sides. Keep refrigerated.


45  NILLA Wafers
¼ c. butter
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
¼ c. sugar
1 c. thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
2 c. mixed berries
¾ c. boiling water
1 package JELL-O Lemon Flavor Gelatin
1 c. ice cubes
Mix wafer crumbs and butter until well blended; press onto bottom and up side of 9-inch tart pan. Freeze while preparing filling.
Beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Gently stir in COOL WHIP; spoon into crust. Top with berries. Refrigerate.
Meanwhile, add boiling water to gelatin mix in medium bowl; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Add ice; stir until melted. Refrigerate 15 minutes or until slightly thickened; spoon over fruit in pan. Refrigerate 3 hours or until set.


1½ c. HONEY MAID Graham Cracker Crumbs
3 tbsp. sugar
⅓ c. butter or margarine
4 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
4  eggs
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix graham crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, and butter; press onto bottom of 9-inch springform pan.
Beat cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, and vanilla with mixer until well blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 55 minutes or until center is almost set. Loosen cake from rim of pan; cool before removing rim. Refrigerate 4 hours.


40  NILLA Wafers
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
4 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla
1 tsp. vanilla
3  eggs
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix wafer crumbs and butter; press onto bottom of 9-inch springform pan.
Beat 3 packages cream cheese, 3/4 cup sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla with mixer until blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 50 to 55 minutes or until center is almost set. Run knife around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool completely in pan.
Beat remaining cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla with mixer in large bowl until blended. Whisk in COOL WHIP; spread over cheesecake. Refrigerate 4 hours. Remove rim of pan before serving cheesecake.


25  NABISCO Ginger Snaps
½ c. finely chopped PLANTERS Pecans
¼ c. butter
4 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
4  eggs
1 c. canned pumpkin
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
1 dash ground cloves
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix ginger snap crumbs, nuts, and butter; press onto bottom of 13- by 9-inch pan.
Beat cream cheese, 3/4 cup sugar, and vanilla with mixer until blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each just until blended. Remove 1 1/2 cups batter. Stir remaining sugar, pumpkin, and spices into remaining batter.
Spoon half the pumpkin batter into crust; top with spoonfuls of half the plain batter. Repeat layers; swirl gently with knife.
Bake 45 minutes or until center is almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 4 hours.


24  Oreo cookies
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 package Kraft Caramels
½ c. milk
1 c. chopped PLANTERS Pecans
3 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla
3  eggs
2 oz. BAKER'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix crumbs and butter; press onto bottom and 2 inches up side of 9-inch springform pan.
Microwave caramels and milk in small microwaveable bowl on high 3 minutes or until caramels are completely melted, stirring after each minute. Stir in nuts; pour half into crust. Refrigerate 10 minutes. Refrigerate remaining caramel mixture for later use.
Beat cream cheese, sugar and vanilla in large bowl with mixer until blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over caramel layer in crust.
Bake 1 hour 5 minutes to 1 hour 10 minutes or until center is almost set. Run knife around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool before removing rim. Refrigerate 4 hours.
Microwave reserved caramel mixture 1 minute; stir. Pour over cheesecake. Melt chocolate as directed on package; drizzle over cheesecake.


3 oz. BAKER'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate
2 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
⅓ c. sugar
¼ c. milk
2 c. thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
¾ c. JET-PUFFED Miniature Marshmallows
⅓ c. chopped PLANTERS COCKTAIL Peanuts
1  Oreo pie crust
Microwave 1 ounce chocolate as directed on package. Coarsely chop remaining chocolate.
Beat cream cheese, sugar and milk with mixer until blended. Add melted chocolate; mix well. Whisk in COOL WHIP, marshmallows, nuts and chopped chocolate. Pour into crust.
Refrigerate 4 hours or until firm.


1 c. HONEY MAID Graham Cracker Crumbs
¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
3 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 tsp. vanilla
3  eggs
1 c. whipping cream
2 c. blueberries
1 tbsp. lemon zest
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix graham crumbs, 2 tablespoons sugar, and butter; press onto bottoms of 18 paper-lined muffin pan cups.
Beat cream cheese, remaining sugar, and vanilla with mixer until blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crusts.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until centers are almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 2 hours.
Beat whipping cream with mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form; spread gently onto cheesecakes. Top with blueberries and lemon zest.


1 package red velvet cake mix
1 package JELL-O Chocolate Instant Pudding
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
½ c. butter or margarine
1 package powdered sugar (about 4 cups)
1 c. COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
1 oz. BAKER'S White Chocolate
Prepare cake batter and bake as directed on package for 24 cupcakes, blending dry pudding mix into batter before spooning into prepared muffin cups. Cool.
Beat cream cheese and butter in large bowl with mixer until blended. Gradually beat in sugar. Whisk in COOL WHIP. Spoon 1 1/2 cups into freezer-weight resealable plastic bag; seal bag. Cut 1 small corner off bottom of bag. Insert tip of bag into top of each cupcake to pipe about 1 tablespoon frosting into center of cupcake.
Frost cupcakes with remaining frosting. Top with chocolate curls. Keep refrigerated.


24  LORNA DOONE Shortbread Cookies
¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
¼ c. butter
5 oz. BAKER'S White Chocolate
3 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
2 tsp. vanilla
3  eggs
1 tub PHILADELPHIA INDULGENCE Milk Chocolate
2 c. COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
1 c. fresh raspberries
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix cookie crumbs, 1 tablespoon sugar, and butter; press onto bottom of 9-inch springform pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Melt 4 ounces white chocolate as directed on package. Beat plain PHILADELPHIA Cream Cheese, remaining sugar, and vanilla with mixer until blended. Add melted chocolate; mix well. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 50 to 55 minutes or until center is almost set. Run knife around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool before removing rim. Refrigerate 4 hours. Meanwhile, shave remaining white chocolate into curls.
Spoon PHILADELPHIA INDULGENCE into medium bowl; stir until creamy. Add COOL WHIP; whisk until blended. Spread over cheesecake. Garnish with white chocolate curls and raspberries.


2 c. HONEY MAID Graham Cracker Crumbs
6 tbsp. butter
3 tbsp. sugar
4 package PHILADELPHIA Neufchatel Cheese
¾ c. sugar
1 package frozen mixed berries (strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries)
1 tub COOL WHIP LITE Whipped Topping
Line 13- by 9-inch pan with foil, with ends of foil extending over sides. Mix cracker crumbs, butter, and 3 tablespoons sugar; press onto bottom of pan. Refrigerate while preparing filling.
Beat Neufchatel and 3/4 cup sugar in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Add berries; beat on low speed just until blended. Whisk in COOL WHIP. Pour over crust.
Refrigerate 4 hours or until firm. Use foil handles to lift cheesecake from pan before cutting to serve.


35  Oreo cookies
6 tbsp. butter
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cold milk
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
2 package JELL-O Chocolate Instant Pudding
3¼ c. cold milk
Process cookies in food processor until fine crumbs form. Transfer to medium bowl; mix in butter. Press onto bottom of 13- by 9-inch dish. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Whisk cream cheese, sugar, and 2 tablespoons milk in medium bowl until blended. Stir in 1 1/4 cups COOL WHIP; spread over crust.
Beat pudding mixes and 3 1/4 cups milk with whisk 2 minutes; pour over cream cheese layer. Let stand 5 minutes or until thickened; cover with remaining COOL WHIP. Refrigerate 4 hours.


1 package refrigerated sliceable sugar cookies
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. vanilla
4 c. assorted cut-up fruit (kiwi, strawberries, blueberries, drained canned mandarin oranges)
¼ c. apricot preserves
1 tbsp. water
Heat oven to 375 degrees F.
Line 12-inch pizza pan with foil; spray with cooking spray. Arrange cookie dough slices in single layer in prepared pan; press together to form crust. Bake 14 minutes; cool completely. Invert onto plate; carefully remove foil. Turn crust over.
Beat cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla with mixer until well blended. Spread over crust.
Top with fruit. Mix preserves and water; brush over fruit. Refrigerate 2 hours.


1 c. HONEY MAID Graham Cracker Crumbs
3 tbsp. sugar
3 tbsp. butter
5 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
3 tbsp. flour
1 tbsp. vanilla
1 c. BREAKSTONE'S or KNUDSEN Sour Cream
4  eggs
⅓ c. seedless strawberry jam
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Line 13- by 9-inch pan with foil, with ends of foil extending over sides. Mix graham crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, and butter; press onto bottom of pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Beat cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, flour, and vanilla with mixer until well blended. Add sour cream; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust. Gently drop small spoonfuls of jam over batter; swirl with knife.
Bake 40 minutes or until center is almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 4 hours. Use foil handles to lift cheesecake from pan before cutting to serve.


35  NILLA Wafers
¼ c. sugar
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
2 tbsp. cold milk
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
4 c. fresh strawberries
2 package JELL-O Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
3½ c. cold milk
Mix wafer crumbs, sugar, and butter; press onto bottom of 13- by 9-inch pan. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Beat cream cheese and 2 tablespoons milk in large bowl with whisk until blended. Stir in half the COOL WHIP; spread over crust. Top with berries. Beat pudding mixes and 3 1/2 cups milk with whisk 2 minutes; pour over berries.
Refrigerate 4 hours. Spread with remaining COOL WHIP just before serving.


½ c. Mexican caramel sauce (cajeta)
1 can evaporated milk
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
7 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
1 c. sugar
1 package chocolate cake mix
1 c. water
⅓ c. oil
½ c. BREAKSTONE'S or KNUDSEN Sour Cream
1 c. thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
Heat oven to 375 degrees F.
Pour caramel sauce into 12-cup fluted tube pan sprayed with cooking spray. Blend evaporated milk, cream cheese, 4 eggs, vanilla, and sugar in blender until smooth.
Beat cake mix, water, oil, and remaining eggs with mixer until blended. Add sour cream; mix well. Pour over caramel in tube pan; gently ladle flan mixture over cake batter. Cover pan with foil sprayed with cooking spray, sprayed-side down. Place in larger pan. Add enough water to larger pan to come halfway up side of tube pan.
Bake 1 1/2 hours or until toothpick inserted near center comes out clean. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Refrigerate 2 hours. Loosen dessert from side of pan; invert onto plate. Remove pan. Serve dessert topped with COOL WHIP.


1 package yellow cake mix
1 can pumpkin
½ c. milk
⅓ c. oil
4  eggs
1½ tsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. powdered sugar
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
¼ c. caramel ice cream topping
¼ c. PLANTERS Pecans
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Beat cake mix, 1 cup pumpkin, milk, oil, eggs, and 1 teaspoon spice in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Pour into 2 greased and floured 9-inch round pans.
Bake 28 to 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans 10 minutes. Remove from pans to wire racks; cool completely.
Beat cream cheese in medium bowl with mixer until creamy. Add sugar, remaining pumpkin, and spice; mix well. Gently stir in COOL WHIP. Cut each cake layer horizontally in half with serrated knife; stack on serving plate, spreading cream cheese filling between layers. (Do not frost top layer.) Drizzle with caramel topping just before serving; top with nuts. Refrigerate any leftovers.


1 package Oreo cookies
⅓ c. butter or margarine
3 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
¾ c. BREAKSTONE'S or KNUDSEN Sour Cream
1 tsp. vanilla
4  eggs
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Crush 28 cookies finely; coarsely chop remaining cookies. Mix crushed cookies with butter; press onto bottom and 2 inches up side of 9-inch springform pan.
Beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl with mixer until blended. Add sour cream and vanilla; mix well. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Stir in chopped cookies. Pour into crust.
Bake 55 minutes to 1 hour or until center is almost set. Run knife around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool before removing rim. Refrigerate 4 hours.


1¾ c. HONEY MAID Graham Cracker Crumbs
⅓ c. butter or margarine
1¼ c. sugar
3 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. BREAKSTONE'S or KNUDSEN Sour Cream
1 tsp. vanilla
3  eggs
1 can cherry pie filling
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F if using a silver 8- or 9-inch springform pan (325 degrees F if using a dark nonstick 8- or 9-inch springform pan). Mix graham cracker crumbs, margarine, and 1/4 cup of the sugar. Press firmly onto bottom and 2 1/2 inches up side of pan; set aside.
Beat cream cheese and the remaining 1 cup sugar in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until well blended. Add sour cream and vanilla; mix well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating on low speed after each addition just until blended. Pour into crust.
Bake 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes or until center is almost set. Turn oven off. Open oven door slightly. Let cheesecake set in oven 1 hour. Remove cheesecake from oven; cool completely. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight. Loosen cheesecake from rim of pan; remove rim. Top cheesecake with pie filling just before serving. Store leftover cheesecake in refrigerator.


½ c. butter
1 package yellow cake mix
2  eggs
2 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. lemon zest
3 tbsp. lemon juice
2½ c. fresh blueberries
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Line 13- by 9-inch pan with foil, with ends of foil extending over sides. Microwave butter in large microwaveable bowl on high 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or until melted. Add cake mix and 1 egg; beat with mixer until well blended. Press 2/3 of the mixture onto bottom of prepared pan.
Beat cream cheese and sugar with mixer until well blended. Add remaining egg, zest, and juice; mix well. Pour over crust; top with berries. Pinch small pieces of the remaining cake mix mixture between your fingers; press lightly into cream cheese layer.
Bake 55 minutes to 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely. Use foil handles to lift dessert from pan before cutting into bars. Keep refrigerated.


2 package fresh raspberries
6  NABISCO Grahams
2 tbsp. butter or margarine
2  package PHILADELPHIA Fat Free Cream Cheese
1 jar JET-PUFFED Marshmallow Creme
1 tbsp. lemon juice
Reserve 20 raspberries for garnish; refrigerate until ready to use. Mix graham crumbs and butter until well blended; press onto bottom of 9-inch square pan. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Beat cream cheese, marshmallow creme, and lemon juice with mixer until light and fluffy. Stir in remaining raspberries; spread over crust.
Refrigerate 4 hours. Top with reserved raspberries just before serving.


1 c. graham-cracker crumbs
3 tbsp. margarine or butter
2 tbsp. sugar
2 package cream cheese
1¼ c. sugar
1 can pure pumpkin (not pumpkin-pie mix)
¾ c. sour cream
2 tbsp. bourbon or 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground allspice
¼ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
1 c. sour cream
3 tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Crystallized ginger strips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In 9" by 3" springform pan, with fork, stir graham-cracker crumbs, melted margarine or butter, and sugar until moistened. With hand, press mixture onto bottom of pan. Tightly wrap outside of pan with heavy-duty foil to prevent leakage when baking in water bath later. Bake crust 10 minutes. Cool completely in pan on wire rack.
Prepare Pumpkin Cheesecake Filling:
Pour pumpkin mixture into crust and place in large roasting pan. Place pan on oven rack. Carefully pour enough
Meanwhile,
Remove cheesecake from water bath to wire rack; discard foil. With small knife, loosen cheesecake from side of pan to help prevent cracking during cooling. Cool cheesecake completely. Cover and refrigerate cheesecake at least 6 hours or overnight, until well chilled. Remove side of pan to serve. Garnish with crystallized ginger.


2 tbsp. chocolate-hazelnut spread
8 oz. white chocolate or white candy melts
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. confectioners' sugar
¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
kosher salt
Yellow food coloring
Fine red sanding sugar
medium egg mold
Place the chocolate-hazelnut spread in a resealable plastic bag and snip off one corner.
Melt the white chocolate or candy melts according to package directions. Working quickly, transfer the chocolate to a resealable plastic bag. Snip off a corner of the bag and fill half of each mold with white chocolate. Squeeze a small dollop of chocolate-hazelnut spread in the center of each mold (about 1/4 tsp each).
Top with the remaining white chocolate, filling the mold just barely below the top. Carefully tap the molds (this helps remove any air bubbles for smooth tops). Refrigerate until set, at least 40 minutes and up to 4 days.
Before serving, make the "yolk" mixture. Using an electric mixer, beat the butter, confectioners' sugar, vanilla and a pinch of salt until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Tint the frosting with yellow food coloring so it resembles egg yolks; transfer to a resealable plastic bag. Remove the chocolate from the molds and transfer to a plate. Snip off one corner of the bag and pipe the frosting on top of the "eggs." Sprinkle with the sanding sugar, if desired.


1  navel orange
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1 tbsp. roughly chopped fresh rosemary
1 large egg
½ c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. heavy cream
Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment. Using a vegetable peeler, remove 3 strips of zest from the orange. Thinly slice the zest.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the butter and, using a pastry blender or two knives, cut it in until the mixture forms small crumbs. Fold in the zest and rosemary. Make a well in the center of the mixture.
In a bowl, whisk together the egg and 1/2 cup heavy cream. Add to the flour mixture and, using a fork, gently stir until incorporated (do not overmix). Bring the dough together into a ball.
Divide the dough in half. On a lightly floured surface, shape each piece into a 5-inch round. Cut each into 8 wedges, separate, and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Brush tops with the remaining tablespoon cream. Bake until golden brown, 8 to 12 minutes.


2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1¼ c. semisweet chocolate chips
¾ c. sour cream
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the butter and, using a pastry blender or two knives, cut it in until the mixture forms small crumbs. Add the chocolate chips and toss to combine. Make a well in the center of the mixture.
In a bowl, whisk together the sour cream, egg, and vanilla. Add to the flour mixture and, using a fork, gently stir until incorporated (do not overmix). Bring the dough together into a ball.
On a lightly floured surface, shape the dough into an 8-inch round (about 1 inch thick). Cut into 8 wedges, separate, and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes.


2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. packed dark brown sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. kosher salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1 c. pecans
1 large egg
¼ c. maple syrup
1 tbsp. maple syrup
¼ c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. heavy cream
Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. Add the butter and, using a pastry blender or two knives, cut it in until the mixture forms small crumbs. Add the pecans and toss to combine. Make a well in the center of the mixture.
In a bowl, whisk together the egg and 1/4 cup each maple syrup and heavy cream. Add to the flour mixture and, using a fork, gently stir until incorporated (do not overmix). Bring the dough together into a ball.
On a lightly floured surface, shape the dough into an 8- by 4-inch rectangle (about 1 inch thick). Cut into eight 2-inch rectangles, separate, and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. In a small bowl, whisk together the remaining tablespoon each maple syrup and cream. Brush the mixture over the tops and bake until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. unsweetened cocoa
1/2 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. kosher salt
¼ tsp. baking powder
½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. buttermilk
16  mini chocolate mint patties
12  chocolate cream-filled sandwich cookies
4 c. chocolate pudding
Fresh mint sprigs
gummy worms
Plant markers and feather butterflies
1  loaf pan
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly coat the loaf pan with cooking spray. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, salt and baking powder.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and alternately add the flour mixture and the buttermilk, mixing just until incorporated. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 45 to 55 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. Clean the loaf pan.
Cut the cake into 1-in. pieces and cut the chocolate mint patties into 1/4-in. pieces. Place the cookies in a resealable plastic bag and crush with a heavy pan.
Place half the cake pieces in the loaf pan. Top with half the chocolate mint patties and half the pudding. Repeat with the remaining cake, patties and pudding. Place the cake on a rimmed baking sheet (this will help catch the crumbs) and sprinkle the cookie crumbs over the top, pressing very gently to help them adhere. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, at least 2 hours and up to 3 days.
Just before serving, insert mint sprigs into the cake and place gummy worms and decorations on top, if desired.


2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1 large egg
½ c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. heavy cream
Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the butter and, using a pastry blender or two knives, cut it in until the mixture forms small crumbs. Make a well in the center of the mixture.
In a bowl, whisk together the egg and 1/2 cup heavy cream. Add to the flour mixture and, using a fork, gently stir until incorporated (do not overmix). Bring the dough together.
On a lightly floured surface, shape the dough into an 8-inch round (about 1 inch thick), cut into wedges and place on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with the remaining 1 tablespoon cream and bake until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes.


2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1 c. old-fashioned oats
½ c. dried cranberries
¼ c. crystallized ginger
1 large egg
1 tbsp. heavy cream
Heat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add the butter and, using a pastry blender or two knives, cut it in until the mixture forms small crumbs. Add the oats, cranberries, and ginger and toss to combine. Make a well in the center of the mixture.
In a bowl, whisk together the egg and 1/2 cup heavy cream. Add to the flour mixture and, using a fork, gently stir until incorporated (do not overmix). Bring the dough together into a ball.
On a lightly floured surface, shape the dough into an 8- by 4-inch rectangle (about 1 inch thick). Cut into eight 2-inch rectangles, separate and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Brush tops with the remaining tablespoon cream and sprinkle with additional oats, if desired. Bake until golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes.


1½ package cream cheese
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
8  graham crackers
12 oz. fresh raspberries
½ c. raspberry jam
8  glass jars
Using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese and sugar until smooth.
Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the heavy cream. Increase the speed to high and beat until thick and stiff, about 2 minutes. Beat in the lemon juice.
Spoon graham cracker crumbs into the jars. Top with cheesecake batter, raspberries, and jam, alternating red layers with cheesecake batter. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours before serving.


¾ c. unsalted roasted almonds
½ tsp. kosher salt
¾ c. granulated sugar
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
½ c. unsalted butter
6 large eggs
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. heavy cream
raspberries
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 9-in. springform pan with cooking spray, line the bottom with parchment paper and spray the paper.
Using a food processor, pulse the almonds, salt and 3 Tbsp sugar until finely ground. In a bowl, microwave the chocolate and butter on high, stirring every 20 seconds, until beginning to melt, about 1 minute. Stir until melted and smooth.
Using an electric mixer, beat the egg yolks and remaining 9 Tbsp sugar in a large bowl until thick and pale yellow in color. Beat in the vanilla. Stir in the chocolate mixture until combined, then the ground nut mixture.
In a second large bowl, using an electric mixer (with clean beaters), beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Stir 1 cup of the whites into the chocolate mixture. Using a large rubber spatula, gently fold the rest of the whites into the chocolate mixture until no white streaks remain. Spread the mixture evenly into the prepared pan and bake until the cake has set and is slightly puffed, 30 to 35 minutes. Let the cake cool completely in the pan.
Transfer the cake to a serving plate. Using an electric mixer, beat the cream until stiff peaks form. Spoon it on top of the cake and top with raspberries, if desired.


6 tbsp. frozen
7 large eggs
1  egg white
½ c. canola oil
Zest of 2 medium oranges (about 1 1/2 tablespoons)
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
½ tsp. cream of tartar
1⅓ c. confectioners' sugar
1 tbsp. melted butter
Buttermilk Ice Cream (recipe follows)
3 c. low-fat buttermilk
1½ c. heavy cream
½ c. sugar
½ tsp. Sea salt
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Meanwhile, fit the bottom of a 10-inch tube pan with parchment paper and set aside. In a small bowl, mix orange-juice concentrate with 1/2 cup water and set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together egg yolks, oil, half the orange zest, vanilla, and 3/4 cup reserved orange-juice mixture. Set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, sift together flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt. Whisk in the reserved egg-yolk mixture until batter is very smooth. Set aside.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium-high speed, whip egg whites and cream of tartar to stiff peaks. Add about 1/3 of the egg whites to batter and whisk gently to combine. Using a rubber spatula, fold in remaining egg whites.
Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake on center rack of oven (do not open oven until end of baking time) until top is golden brown and springs back when touched, 50 to 60 minutes. Invert pan over neck of a bottle or heatproof funnel to cool completely. Remove when cool. Run a knife between the pan and outer edges of cooled cake, all the way around, and invert cake to remove from pan.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine confectioners' sugar, butter, and remaining orange-juice mixture and orange zest. Place plastic wrap directly onto the surface of glaze and set aside until ready to use. Place cake on a serving plate and drizzle with glaze. Let sit 10 minutes before serving. Serve with Buttermilk Ice Cream (below).
To make Buttermilk Ice Cream:


2½ c. sugar
½ c. unsalted butter
½ c. sour cream
1  vanilla bean
3 large eggs
1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1½ lb. rhubarb
2 tsp. ground ginger
whipped cream
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Meanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with  paddle attachment, cream together 1 1/2 cups sugar and butter on medium speed until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add sour cream and vanilla seeds and mix for 2 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, fully incorporating each. Add flour, baking soda, and salt and mix until just combined.
Pour batter into a buttered 8- by 4-inch loaf pan and spread evenly with a rubber spatula. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let cool for 30 minutes; invert pan to release cake and let cool completely on rack, at least 2 hours.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, bring rhubarb, ginger, 2 tablespoons water, and remaining sugar to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until rhubarb is broken down but chunks remain, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool completely, at least 2 hours. To serve, cut cake into 8 slices; top each with a dollop of whipped cream and rhubarb compote.


¾ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. whole-wheat flour
.67 c. rolled oats
½ c. sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
½ tsp. ground ginger
1 c. pure pumpkin puree
½ c. orange marmalade
⅓ c. buttermilk
1 tbsp. cider vinegar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. vegetable oil
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 large eggs
⅓ c. rolled oats
2 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. melted unsalted butter
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 12-cup muffin pan with nonstick baking spray. In the bowl of a large food processor, combine both flours with the oats, sugar, baking powder, salt, and ginger. Pulse for 10 seconds. Add the pumpkin puree, marmalade, buttermilk, vinegar, and vanilla and pulse several times to combine. Scrape down the side of the bowl. Add the oil, butter, and eggs and process until fully incorporated, about 10 seconds.
In a small bowl, mix the oats with the sugar and butter.
Fill the prepared pan with heaping 3-tablespoon-size scoops of batter. Sprinkle on the oat topping. Bake in the center of the oven for about 20 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean. Let the muffins cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then turn them out onto a rack to cool completely. Serve the muffins slightly warm or at room temperature.


8 oz. cream cheese
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. salt
2 stick unsalted butter
1 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. finely grated lime zest
2 large egg yolks
1½ c. dried blueberries
4 oz. cream cheese
¾ c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. freshly squeezed lime juice
.13 tsp. salt
In a small saucepan, combine the cream cheese and granulated sugar and bring to a simmer. Cook over moderately high heat, stirring constantly, until slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Pour into a small bowl and let cool completely.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 3 baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk the flour with the baking soda and salt. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle, cream the butter with the confectioners' sugar and the lime zest until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down the side of the bowl. Add the egg yolks one at a time, beating well between additions. Scrape down the bowl again. Add the cooled cream cheese mixture and beat until fully blended. Add the flour mixture all at once and mix at low speed until just incorporated. Add the blueberries and mix until evenly distributed, about 15 seconds.
For each cookie, scoop 2 tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 2 inches apart. Bake for about 15 minutes, until the cookies are golden brown on the bottom. Immediately transfer the cookies to a rack to cool completely before glazing.
In a small bowl, stir together all of the ingredients. Using a small spoon, spread the glaze in a thin layer over the cooled cookies. Let the glaze set for at least 10 minutes before serving.


½ tsp. grated orange peel
¼ c. orange juice
6 c. refrigerated vanilla pudding
½ tsp. salt
¼ c. sugar
Arrange oven rack 6 inch from broiler heat source. Preheat broiler on high. From 1 orange, grate 1/2 teaspoon peel and squeeze 1/4 cup juice. In large bowl, stir vanilla pudding, orange peel and juice, and salt. Spread in shallow 2-quart broiler-safe ceramic baking dish. Sprinkle with even layer of sugar. To serve, broil 4 to 5 minutes or until bubbling and browned.


10 oz. coconut macaroon cookies
1 c. boiling heavy cream
1 lb. finely chopped semisweet or bittersweet chocolate
raspberries
Slivered orange peel
Press coconut macaroon cookies into a greased 9-inch pie plate, then pour boiling heavy cream over semisweet or bittersweet chocolate in heatproof bowl and stir until smooth; pour into crust, chill 6 hours, and top with raspberries and slivered orange peel.


1½ c. graham cracker crumbs
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
2  lemons
16 oz. reduced-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
15 oz. ricotta cheese
3 tbsp. cornstarch
2 c. half-and-half
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. almond extract
4 large eggs
2½ c. mixed berries
1 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Wrap outside of 9-inch springform pan with heavy-duty foil to prevent batter from leaking out. Spray pan with baking spray.
In medium bowl, combine crumbs, butter, and 1 tablespoon granulated sugar. Press firmly onto bottom of prepared pan. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until brown around edge. Cool on wire rack. Reset oven temperature to 325 degrees F.
While crust cools, from lemons, grate 1 tablespoon peel and squeeze 1/4 cup juice; set aside.
With mixer on high speed, beat both cheeses until smooth. Add cornstarch, remaining 1 1/2 cup granulated sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt, scraping bowl occasionally with rubber spatula; beat on low until well incorporated. On low speed, beat in half-and-half, vanilla, and almond extracts, and lemon peel and juice. Add eggs; beat until just blended. Pour batter onto cooled crust. Bake 1 hour. Turn oven off. Let stand in oven 1 hour.
Place cheesecake on wire rack. Run thin knife between edge of cheesecake and pan. Cool in pan on rack 1 hour. Cover; refrigerate at least 6 hours or up to 2 days.
To serve, top with berries; sprinkle confectioners' sugar through sieve over berries.


2¼ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1½ c. granulated sugar, divided
2¼ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
½ c. safflower oil
7 large egg yolks
9 large egg whites
¾ c. whole milk
½ tsp. cream of tartar
1  whole vanilla bean, split and scraped
2 lb. strawberries
½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 pinch salt
2 c. cold heavy cream
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
Make the cake: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Whisk together flour, 3/4 cup granulated sugar, the baking powder, and salt. Whisk together oil, egg yolks, and milk in a large bowl. Whisk flour mixture into egg-yolk mixture.
Beat egg whites with a mixer on high speed until frothy. Add cream of tartar and vanilla seeds or extract, and beat until soft peaks form. Gradually add remaining 3/4 cup granulated sugar, beating until stiff, glossy peaks form, about 5 minutes. Whisk one-third of the egg-white mixture into batter. Gently but thoroughly fold in remaining egg-white mixture with a rubber spatula.
Transfer batter to tube pan. Bake until top of cake springs back when touched, 52 to 55 minutes. Let cool upside down (over a bottle or on tube-pan feet) 1 hour.
Make the berries and cream: While cake is baking and cooling, combine strawberries, granulated sugar, lemon juice, and salt, and let sit, stirring occasionally, 1 hour. Just before assembling, beat cream and confectioners' sugar until medium peaks form.
Slide a paring knife around edges of tube and side of pan; release cake. Cut cake horizontally into 3 layers with a serrated knife. Transfer bottom layer to a cake plate or platter. Spread with half the berries, and drizzle with juices. Spread half the whipped cream over berries, then top with middle cake layer. Spread with remaining berries and whipped cream. Top with remaining cake layer. Refrigerate cake 1 hour. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar, and serve with berries.


1 lb. strawberries, hulled and halved
2 c. sliced strawberries
8 oz. white chocolate, finely chopped
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice, divided
1¼ tsp. unflavored gelatin
2 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
1 c. sifted cake flour, plus more for baking sheet
5 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. lemon zest
pinch of salt
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
Vegetable oil or cooking spray
⅔ c. heavy cream
12 oz. white chocolate, finely chopped
8 oz. white chocolate, finely chopped
2 tbsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice
Whole and halved strawberries, for garnish
Make the mousse:
Melt chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, stirring until smooth; set aside.
Put 1/4 cup cool water into a small bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over top; let stand until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir 1/4 cup cream and the confectioners' sugar in a small saucepan; bring to a simmer over medium heat. Add gelatin mixture, and stir until gelatin has dissolved. Pour into bowl with the melted chocolate, and stir until smooth. Whisk in 3/4 cup strawberry puree; reserve remaining 1/4 cup puree.
Put remaining 1 3/4 cups cream into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat on medium-high speed until medium peaks form. Whisk one-third of the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture. Fold in the remaining whipped cream using a large rubber spatula. Refrigerate 1 hour. Stir 1 tablespoon lemon juice into the sliced berries. Fold berries into mousse; refrigerate 1 hour.
Make the cake:
Put eggs, egg yolks, and sugar into the heatproof bowl of an electric mixer set over a pan of simmering water. Whisk constantly until the mixture is warm and the sugar has melted, about 2 minutes. Attach bowl to mixer fitted with whisk attachment. Beat on high speed until egg mixture is pale, thickened, and has cooled, about 6 minutes.
Remove bowl from mixer; sift together flour and salt over the top of egg mixture, and sprinkle with lemon zest. Using a large rubber spatula, carefully fold the flour mixture into the egg mixture, cutting through center and lifting gently over sides. When the flour is almost incorporated, pour butter down side of bowl, and gently fold in to incorporate.
Pour batter into prepared baking sheet; smooth top. Bake until center springs back when lightly touched, 7 to 12 minutes. Invert, and unmold cake onto a parchment-lined wire rack; peel parchment from cake, and let cool completely.
Assemble the cake:
Make the ganache: 


Vegetable-oil cooking spray
¾ c. unbleached all-purpose flour
¼ c. whole-wheat flour
½ tsp.  instant yeast
Coarse salt
2 tbsp. ground flaxseed
⅔ c. plain Greek yogurt
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 large eggs
3 large egg yolks
1 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. raspberries
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. whole milk
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Coarse salt
2½ c. sifted confectioners' sugar
Make the cake:
Beat together eggs, yolks, granulated sugar, and vanilla with an electric mixer on medium speed until pale and thick, about 6 minutes. With a large rubber spatula, gently fold in flour mixture until incorporated. Gently fold in butter mixture until incorporated, then fold in raspberries (do not overmix). Pour batter into pan.
Bake until pale gold and a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes, rotating halfway through. Let cake cool in pan on a wire rack 20 minutes. Remove cake from pan; let cool completely on wire rack.
Make the icing:


6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 bag mini marshmallows
¼ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa
6 c. crisp rice cereal
2 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Butter an 8-inch square baking pan. Line bottom and two sides with parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang on both sides. Butter paper; set pan aside.
In a large saucepan, combine butter, marshmallows, and cocoa. Cook over medium, stirring frequently, until melted, about 6 minutes; stir in rice cereal. Press rice mixture into prepared pan; drizzle with melted chocolate. Let cool to room temperature; cut into 16 bars. (To store, keep in an airtight container at room temperature, up to 5 days.)


2 c. heavy cream
5 oz. semisweet chocolate, chopped
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
26  chocolate wafers
3  bananas, thinly sliced lengthwise, plus 1/2 banana, sliced into rounds
In a small saucepan, bring cream to a boil over medium-high. Remove from heat and add chocolate. Let sit 5 minutes. Add confectioners' sugar and whisk to combine. Let cool to room temperature.
Layer 13 chocolate wafers in a 2-quart baking dish. Add half chocolate mixture, then top with lengthwise banana slices. Top with 13 more cookies and remaining chocolate mixture. Cover and refrigerate until pudding is set and cookies are tender, about 2 hours (or up to 1 day). Top with round banana slices and serve.


4 tbsp. butter
1 bag mini marshmallows
8 oz. semisweet chocolate
6 c. rice cereal
¾ c. peanut-butter chips
In a large, deep saucepan, melt butter over low heat, about 4 minutes. Add mini marshmallows and cook, stirring, until melted, 6 to 8 minutes.
Add chocolate and cook, stirring, until melted, 2 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Quickly fold in rice cereal and peanut-butter chips until evenly distributed.
Coat a 1/4-cup dry measuring cup with nonstick cooking spray; scoop mixture onto waxed paper, forming clusters. Let set, about 10 minutes.


3 tbsp. unsweetened shredded coconut
1 lb. very soft dates
¼ c. walnuts
Sprinkle 2 tablespoons coconut over the bottom of an 8-inch square baking dish. Firmly press dates into coconut, covering bottom of dish. Sprinkle with remaining tablespoon coconut and the walnuts, gently pressing into dates. Cut into 2-inch squares. Bars can be stored in an airtight container 2 to 3 days.


8 oz. semisweet chocolate
6  popsicle sticks or wooden skewers
2  bananas
⅓ c. coarsely chopped salted peanuts
Place chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over (not in) a pan of gently simmering water. Stir just until melted.
Line a baking sheet with waxed paper. Insert a popsicle stick in one end of each banana piece. Dip banana, one piece at a time, in chocolate, spooning on additional chocolate to cover.
Sprinkle each banana with peanuts, and set on prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate until chocolate is firm, 20 minutes, or up to 3 days.


1 stick unsalted butter
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. finely grated lemon zest
6 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¾ tsp. ground cardamom
2 large eggs
½ c. sour cream
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter and flour an 8-inch round cake pan. Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
Beat butter, granulated sugar, zest, and cardamom with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in 3 tablespoons lemon juice. Reduce speed to medium-low; beat in flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with sour cream, beginning and ending with flour. Pour batter into cake pan.
Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Turn out onto a wire rack. Let cool, top side up. Whisk confectioners' sugar with remaining 3 tablespoons lemon juice until smooth; pour over cooled cake.


Vegetable oil cooking spray
9 oz. chocolate wafers
1½ c. old-fashioned oats
1¼ c. confectioners' sugar
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
5 oz. unsalted butter
1 c. chunky peanut butter
¾ c. smooth peanut butter
3 tbsp. smooth peanut butter
10 oz. semisweet chocolate
1½ oz. milk chocolate
Coat a 9- by 13-inch baking dish with cooking spray. Line with parchment, leaving a 2-inch overhang on the 2 long sides.
Combine wafers, oats, sugar, and salt in a large bowl. Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, then add chunky peanut butter and 3/4 cup smooth peanut butter, whisking until well combined. Add peanut butter mixture to wafer mixture, stirring until combined. Transfer to baking dish, and use the bottom of a measuring cup or an offset spatula to firmly press mixture into an even layer. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Pour melted semisweet chocolate over chilled mixture and, using an offset spatula, spread into a thin layer that covers the entire surface. Refrigerate until hardened, at least 15 minutes.
Heat remaining 3 tablespoons smooth peanut butter in a small saucepan until runny. Drizzle peanut butter over chilled chocolate. Drizzle melted milk chocolate over peanut butter. Refrigerate until hardened, about 15 minutes.
Use parchment to lift out chilled block of bars. Run a sharp knife under hot water, dry well, and cut into 24 squares, wiping knife between cuts. Let bars stand at room temperature for 10 minutes before serving. (Sliced bars can be refrigerated for up to 1 week or frozen for up to 1 month.)


1½ c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. sugar
¼ c. smooth peanut butter
1  recipe cooled
6  peanut-butter sandwich cookies
In a medium bowl, whip 1 cup cream along with sugar until soft peaks form. Reserve.
Place peanut butter and remaining 1/2 cup (unwhipped) cream in another medium bowl; whisk until smooth. Add reserved whipped cream; gently fold in with a rubber spatula until combined.
Creating alternating layers, spoon


1 package sweetened shredded coconut
1½ c. Pecan halves
nonstick cooking spray
1 package marshmallows
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
4 c. cornflakes
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread coconut on one side of a large rimmed baking sheet, and pecans on other side, keeping them separate. Toast until fragrant, 15 to 20 minutes, tossing occasionally.
Meanwhile, coat an 8-inch square baking pan with cooking spray; line with a strip of waxed paper (leaving an overhang on two sides). Spray paper.
In a large nonstick pot over medium-low, heat marshmallows and butter until melted, 5 to 10 minutes, stirring frequently.
Stir in cornflakes, coconut, and pecans. Transfer to prepared pan; press in firmly with a metal spatula (coated with spray to prevent sticking). Cool until firm, about 2 hours. Remove from pan; peel off paper. Using a serrated knife, cut into squares.


12 oz. semisweet chocolate, chopped into small pieces
¾ c. creamy peanut butter
1 c. heavy cream, whipped to stiff peaks (about 2 cups)
½ c. roasted salted peanuts, chopped
2  ripe bananas
Nonstick cooking spray and waxed paper, for loaf pan
Coat an 8 1/2-by-4 1/2-inch loaf pan with cooking spray; line with waxed paper, leaving overhang on both long sides. Set aside.
Melt chocolate; cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, in a food processor, puree bananas until smooth.
Stir peanut butter into cooled chocolate until combined, then stir in banana puree. Gently fold in whipped cream until combined. Pour into prepared pan; top with peanuts. Fold waxed paper over top; wrap tightly in plastic. Freeze until firm, at least 3 hours.
To serve: Remove loaf from pan (run a hot towel across sides and bottom of pan, if necessary). Slice about 1/2 inch thick, as needed.


⅔ c. sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
¼ tsp. salt
⅓ c. unsweetened cocoa powder (if making chocolate pudding)
2½ c. milk
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4  large egg yolks
Place a fine-mesh sieve over a medium bowl; set aside. In a medium saucepan, off heat, whisk together sugar, cornstarch, and salt. If making chocolate pudding, add cocoa powder. Very gradually (a few tablespoons at a time) whisk in milk, taking care to dissolve cornstarch. Whisk in egg yolks.
Whisking constantly, cook over medium heat until the first large bubble forms and sputters. Reduce heat to low; still whisking, cook 1 minute. Remove from heat; immediately pour through sieve into bowl. Stir butter and vanilla into hot pudding.
Place plastic wrap directly on surface of pudding (to prevent skin from forming); chill at least 3 hours and up to 3 days. Before serving, whisk pudding until smooth; divide among four serving dishes.


Cooking spray or vegetable oil
2 c. chopped dark chocolate
⅓ c. coconut oil or solid vegetable shortening
¼ tsp. pure peppermint oil (preferred)
½ tsp. fine sea salt
1 c. sifted confectioners' sugar
Place a roughly 9- by 9-inch sheet of parchment or wax paper on a cutting board. Set it aside. Lightly grease the baking pan with the cooking spray, and line it with a piece of parchment or wax paper that extends a few inches over two ends of the baking pan (you'll use these ends as handles to lift the candy out after it's set). Set aside.
Combine the chocolate and coconut oil in a medium-size heatproof bowl. Place the bowl over a small saucepan of simmering water and stir frequently with the heatproof spatula until melted and completely combined. (Alternatively, place the chocolate and coconut oil in a microwave-safe bowl and heat on high for 30 seconds. Stir, then microwave in 10-second intervals, stirring with the spatula between intervals, until the chocolate and coconut oil are melted and combined.)
Add the peppermint oil and salt to the chocolate mixture and stir well with the spatula to combine. Pour the mixture into the lined baking pan, spreading it evenly with the spatula. Allow it to sit until firm to the touch, about 2 hours.
Once the meltaways have set, run a sharp chef's knife along the unlined edges of the pan and lift the slab of candy out of the baking sheet. Gently turn it out onto the parchment-lined cutting board and cut it into 1-inch squares.
Place the confectioner's sugar, in a small bowl and dredge the candy pieces in it until evenly coated on all sides.
Store the meltaways in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.


2¾ c. heavy cream
Zest of 2 clementines
½ lb. semisweet chocolate chips
6 large egg yolks
⅓ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
½ c. whole milk
In a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan, heat 2 1/4 cups cream over medium heat until warm to the touch, about 3 minutes. Add finely grated clementine zest and chocolate chips. Remove from heat and let steep 20 minutes, stirring a few times.
Preheat over to 300 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk yolks with 1/3 cup sugar and milk. Set six 6-ounce ramekins in a large baking pan.
Return chocolate mixture to stove and warm over low heat, whisking until chocolate is smooth and warm, about 20 seconds. Set a coarse strainer over bowl with yolk mixture and pour chocolate mixture through, pressing on the zest. Whisk well to thoroughly combine.
Pour into ramekins. Add very hot tap water to the baking pan until it reaches halfway up sides of ramekins. Cover pan loosely with foil, and bake until pots de crème are just set around edges and slightly jiggly in centers, about 40 minutes. Transfer ramekins to a rack to cool completely, then cover and refrigerate overnight.
In a large bowl, whip remaining 1/2 cup cream to soft peaks. Add remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and whip lightly to incorporate.
Place a dollop of whipped cream on each pot de crème, garnish with zest strips, and serve.


14  graham crackers
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 package cream cheese
½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 c. sour cream
3 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. frozen orange juice concentrate
2 tbsp. frozen orange juice concentrate
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9- by 13-inch baking pan with nonstick foil, leaving a 3-inch overhang on two sides.
In a food processor, pulse the graham crackers until finely ground. Add the butter and pulse until combined. Press the cookie mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes.
Meanwhile, clean and dry the food processor. Add the cream cheese, sugar, and flour and process until smooth. Beat in the sour cream, then the eggs and vanilla. Add 1/2 cup orange juice concentrate and beat to combine. Reserve 1/4 cup of the batter and pour the rest on top of the prepared crust.
Whisk the remaining 2 tablespoons orange juice concentrate into the reserved batter and transfer to a resealable plastic bag (the mixture will be thin). Snip a tiny bit off one corner of the bag and pipe lines lengthwise over the batter, spacing them 3/4 inch apart (there will be leftover batter). Drag a skewer down through the lines to form a pattern.
Bake until the cheesecake is just set (the center should still wobble slightly), 18 to 20 minutes. Let the cheesecake cool completely in the pan, then refrigerate until chilled, at least 3 hours and up to overnight. Using the overhangs, transfer the bar to a cutting board and cut into pieces.


1 c. vegetable oil
3 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. freshly grated or ground nutmeg
½ tsp. kosher salt
4 large eggs
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
2 large ripe bananas
1 lb. strawberries
1½ c. walnuts
1 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Oil and flour a 9- by 13-inch casserole dish. In a large bowl, whisk together  flour, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg, and salt.
In a medium bowl, lightly beat eggs. Add granulated sugar, oil, vanilla, and lemon zest and whisk to combine. Mash bananas (you should get about 1 cup) and stir into egg mixture. Add egg mixture to flour mixture and mix just until incorporated. Fold in strawberries and walnuts.
Transfer batter to prepared dish and bake until a wooden pick inserted into center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack and let cool for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together confectioners' sugar and lemon juice until smooth. Spread icing over warm cake, then let cool completely.


1 c. dark-brown sugar
2 stick unsalted butter
3 tbsp. dark rum
1½ tsp. salt
1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
½ c. whole milk
1 medium pineapple
Coat a 9-inch cake pan with cooking spray and set aside. In a small saucepan over medium heat, heat brown sugar and 1 stick butter, whisking occasionally, until sugar is dissolved. Bring to a boil and cook until caramel thickens and turns a deep brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and whisk in rum and 1 teaspoon salt. Pour caramel into prepared cake pan and swirl around to coat. Set aside and let cool completely, at least 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, remaining salt, and cinnamon. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium, beat together granulated sugar and remaining butter until light and fluffy. Add vanilla; beat in eggs, 1 at a time. Reduce mixer speed to low and beat in half the dry-ingredient mixture and 1/4 cup milk. Repeat with remaining dry-ingredient mixture and milk.
Arrange pineapple rings atop caramel in cake pan. Fill in spaces between rings with pineapple chunks. Carefully pour batter over pineapple and smooth, using a rubber spatula.
Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack and let cool for 30 minutes. Run a sharp knife around the sides of the pan to loosen the cake; invert onto a large serving plate.




1½ c. water
1 stick unsalted butter
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
1½ c. all-purpose flour
8 large eggs
Sweetened whipped cream
raspberries

confectioners' sugar
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large saucepan, combine the water, butter, sugar, and salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to moderate. Add the flour all at once and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until a tight dough forms and pulls away from the side of the pan, 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat.
In a bowl, beat 7 eggs and add to the dough in four batches, stirring vigorously between additions until the eggs are completely incorporated and the pastry is smooth. The dough should be glossy and very slowly hang, stretch and fall from the spoon in thick ribbons. If necessary, beat in the remaining egg.
Transfer the dough to a piping bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tip. Pipe 1 1/2-inch mounds onto the baking sheets, leaving 1 inch between them. Spray the mounds with nonstick cooking spray. Bake the choux for about 35 minutes, until browned and puffed, shifting the sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through. Let cool completely.
Using a serrated knife, slice off the tops and reserve. Fill the bottom halves with sweetened whipped cream and fresh raspberries, or


1½ c. dried black figs
¾ c. dry red wine
⅓ c. sugar
¾ tsp. grated lemon zest
¾ tsp. anise seeds
1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. grated lemon zest
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 large egg
1½ c. all-purpose flour
In a saucepan, combine the figs, wine, sugar, lemon zest, anise seeds, and 1 cup of water and bring to a boil. Simmer over low heat until the figs are softened and the liquid is syrupy and reduced to 1/2 cup. Let the figs cool in their syrup, then purée in a food processor until smooth. Transfer the filling to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tip.
In a bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the butter until creamy. Beat in the sugar, vanilla, zest, and salt at medium-high speed until fluffy, 3 minutes. Beat in the egg. At low speed, beat in the 1 1/2 cups of flour. Divide the dough in half, shape into rectangles and wrap in plastic. Freeze until firm, 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll out 1 piece of dough between 2 sheets of floured parchment to a 9- by 12-inch rectangle, dusting with flour as needed. Remove the top sheet of parchment. Cut the rectangle into three 3-by-12-inch strips through the parchment and transfer to a baking sheet. Pipe two  1/2-inch-wide ropes of fig filling down the middle of each strip of dough. Refrigerate just until firm enough to fold, 5 minutes. Fold the dough over the filling and turn onto a work surface, seam side down; discard the parchment.
Cut each roll into 8 bars and arrange on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, until the dough is golden on the bottom. Let cool. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling.


1½ c. sushi rice
⅓ c. sugar
1 pinch salt
7 c. unsweetened almond milk
cherry preserves
In a large saucepan, combine the rice, sugar, salt, and 1 cup of the almond milk. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the almond milk is absorbed, 5 minutes. Gradually add 5 more cups of almond milk, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring and cooking until the sauce is very thick, 25 minutes. Let cool, then stir in the remaining 1 cup of almond milk. Serve topped with cherry preserves.


½ c. hot coffee
2 tsp. sugar
1 oz. gold rum
1 oz. dark rum
1 stick cinnamon
1 strip orange zest
Finely grated zest
Sweetened whipped cream
Grated Mexican chocolate
In a heatproof glass, stir the coffee and sugar until the sugar dissolves. Stir in both rums. Add the cinnamon and the strip of orange zest. Garnish with whipped cream, grated Mexican chocolate, and grated orange zest.


1½ c. water
1 stick unsalted butter
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
1½ c. all-purpose flour
8 large eggs
Pearl sugar
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a large saucepan, combine the water, butter, sugar, and salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to moderate. Add the flour all at once and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until a tight dough forms and pulls away from the side of the pan, 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat.
In a bowl, beat 7 eggs and add to the dough in four batches, stirring vigorously between additions until the eggs are completely incorporated and the pastry is smooth. The dough should be glossy and very slowly hang, stretch and fall from the spoon in thick ribbons. If necessary, beat in the remaining egg.
Transfer the dough to a piping bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tip. Pipe 1 1/2-inch mounds onto the baking sheets, leaving 1 inch between them. Generously sprinkle each mound with 1/2 teaspoon of pearl sugar. Bake the chouquettes for about 30 minutes, until browned and puffed, until browned and puffed, shifting the sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through.


12 oz. plump Medjool dates
2 tbsp. dark rum
2 tbsp. brewed espresso
¾ c. water
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. cake flour
1½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. cinnamon
¼ tsp. nutmeg
.13 tsp. ground cloves
1 pinch salt
1½ stick unsalted butter
¾ c. light brown sugar
4 large eggs
¾ c. sugar
¼ c. water
¾ c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. heavy cream
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9- by 3-inch round cake pan and line the bottom with parchment paper. Butter and flour the paper. In a medium microwave-safe bowl, cover the dates with the rum, espresso, and water and heat at high power for 2 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and let stand until the dates are softened. Purée until smooth.
In a bowl, whisk both flours with the baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt. In another bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the butter and brown sugar until fluffy. Beat in the eggs until incorporated, then beat in the date purée. Add the dry ingredients all at once and beat at low speed until incorporated.
Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and bake in the center of the oven for 1 hour, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cool for 15 minutes, then invert the cake onto a rack to cool completely.
In a medium saucepan, simmer the sugar and water over moderate heat until a deep-amber caramel forms, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the cream. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the hardened caramel is dissolved.
Cut the cake into wedges and serve with the caramel sauce.


6  egg yolks
9 tbsp. sugar
1½ tbsp. flour
1½ tbsp. cornstarch
2⅔ c. milk
1⅓ c. heavy cream
1¼ c. chopped dark chocolate
In a bowl, whisk the egg yolks, sugar, flour, and cornstarch. In a saucepan, bring the milk and cream to a simmer; whisk 1/2 cup of the mixture into the eggs, then whisk the egg-milk mixture into the saucepan. Cook the pastry cream over low heat, whisking constantly, until thick, 2 minutes. Off the heat, whisk in the dark chocolate until melted. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until cool, about 2 hours.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. shredded unsweetened coconut
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
2 stick unsalted butter
1¼ c. sugar
1 large egg yolk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
raspberry jam
In a medium bowl, whisk the flour with the coconut, baking soda, and salt. In a standing electric mixer fitted with a paddle, or using a hand mixer in a large bowl, beat the butter with the sugar at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg yolk and vanilla, scraping the side and bottom of the bowl. Beat in the dry ingredients at medium-low speed. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate for 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Position the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven. Roll the dough into 1-inch balls and bake for 14 minutes. Make a dent in the cookies; fill with jam and bake for about 10 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to racks to cool completely.


1 c. unsalted butter
⅔ c. confectioners' sugar
1¼ tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
2 c. all-purpose flour
Make dough: Beat butter, sugar, vanilla, and salt with a mixer on medium speed until blended. On low speed, beat in flour until a soft dough forms. Divide dough into thirds, then flatten each into a disk. Wrap each separately in plastic; chill 30 minutes.
Bake dough: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Chill shortbread shapes on prepared baking sheets 15 minutes; bake 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on baking sheets set on a wire rack 1 minute, then transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.


6 package raspberries
1 c. sugar
3 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 tbsp. framboise liqueur
2 c. cold heavy cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3  bakery meringue shells
Pour half of raspberries, 1 cup sugar, and lemon juice into 10-inch sauté pan. Crush berries lightly with fork and bring to full boil over medium-high heat. Lower heat and simmer 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until syrupy. Fold in remaining raspberries and framboise; refrigerate until very cold.
In medium bowl, using electric mixer fitted with whisk attachment, beat cream, remaining 3 tablespoons sugar, and vanilla on medium-high speed until firm peaks form.
In 8 glasses, layer spoonful of whipped cream, spoonful of berry mixture, and a few meringue pieces. Repeat until glasses are full, ending with berries and dollop of cream. Serve immediately or chill up to 1 hour.


1 stick cinnamon
4 c. pomegranate juice
6  pears
¼ c. sugar
sour cream
1 sprig mint
Simmer cinnamon stick, pomegranate juice, pears, and sugar in 4-quart saucepan until pears are tender (15 to 25 minutes).
Serve with sour cream and a sprig of mint.


2 c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 c. butter or margarine
1 c. sugar
4 large eggs
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease and flour 9- by 5-inch metal loaf pan.
In medium bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, and salt. In large bowl, with mixer at medium speed, beat butter until creamy. Add sugar, and beat 5 minutes, or until light and creamy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low; beat in flour mixture just until combined.
Turn batter into prepared pan and spread evenly. Bake 1 hour, or until cake pulls away from sides of pan and toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. With small knife, loosen cake from sides of pan; invert onto wire rack; invert again right side up to cool completely.


1 stick butter
1½ c. granulated sugar
3  eggs
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 pinch salt
2 tsp. baking powder
1 c. milk
Combine softened butter and sugar in a bowl, beating with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy. Slowly beat in eggs, one at a time. When all the eggs are incorporated, add vanilla extract.
Combine flour, salt, and baking powder in a separate bowl and mix well. Beat half of the milk into the butter mixture, then incorporate half the dry ingredients. Add the remaining milk and follow with the remaining dry mix.
Butter two 8-inch round cake pans and divide the batter equally between the two pans. Bake in the oven at 350 degrees F for 25-30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.


12 tbsp. butter
1½ c. flour
1 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ c. cocoa powder
2  eggs
2 tsp. vanilla
1 c. yogurt
Melt butter in a saucepan on the stove or in a bowl in the microwave. Set aside to cool slightly.
Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and cocoa powder in a bowl.
Add eggs, vanilla, and yogurt to the still warm butter and whisk to combine.
Add wet ingredients to the bowl with the dry ingredients and stir with a large spoon or spatula until just combined.
Butter two 8-inch round cake pans and divide batter equally between the two pans. Bake in the oven at 350 degrees F for 25-30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.


5  pomegranate seeds
1 oz. pomegranate liqueur
4 oz. Champagne, prosecco, cava,  or any dry sparkling wine
Add pomegranate seeds to a champagne flute.
Add liqueur, then pour in sparkling wine.


1  sugar cube
Angostura Bitters
2 oz. apple cider
¾ oz. cognac
4 oz. Champagne, prosecco, cava, or any dry sparkling wine
Soak sugar cube by placing it on top of the bitters bottle. Holding sugar cube in place with your finger, turn bottle upside down. The bitters will drip onto the cube, soaking it in seconds.
Drop cube into a champagne flute.
Pour in apple cider and cognac. Finish with sparkling wine.


2 oz. orange juice
4 oz. Champagne, prosecco, cava, or any dry sparkling wine
½ oz. grenadine
Add orange juice to a champagne flute.
Slowly add sparkling wine, then top with grenadine.


1½ oz. golden rum
¾ oz. fresh lime juice
1 oz. honey
ice cubes
4 oz. Champagne, prosecco, cava, or any dry sparkling wine
Angostura Bitters
Mint leaf
Combine rum, lime juice, honey water, and ice cubes in a cocktail shaker; shake well.
Strain into a glass and top with sparkling wine.
Carefully shake 3 to 4 drops of bitters on the surface of the drink.
Garnish by dragging mint leaf through bitters to create a design, then lay mint leaf on top.


1  sugar cube
Angostura Bitters
4 oz. Champagne, prosecco, cava, or any dry sparkling wine
1 strip lemon zest
Soak sugar cube by placing it on top of the bitters bottle. Holding sugar cube in place with your finger, turn bottle upside down. The bitters will drip onto the cube, soaking it in seconds.
Drop soaked cube into a champagne flute.
Pour in sparkling wine. Add strip of zest.


½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
2 c. buttermilk
4 tsp. vegetable oil
2 c. vegetable oil
2 large eggs
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. fine salt
4 medium tart apples
In a medium bowl, combine 1/2 cup sugar and cinnamon. In another medium bowl, whisk buttermilk, 4 teaspoons oil, and eggs. Stir in flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, baking powder, and salt.
In a large, heavy, high-sided skillet, heat 2 cups oil until it registers 375 degrees F on a deep-fat or candy thermometer. (The oil should bubble rapidly when a drop of batter is added.) In batches, coat apples in batter and fry until golden brown, about 4 minutes per batch, flipping halfway through. Transfer to a paper-towel-lined baking sheet to drain. Toss apples in cinnamon sugar and serve immediately.


2 c. heavy cream
½ c. sour cream
½ c. confectioners' sugar
½ c. hot cocoa mix (use one without milk powder)
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ tsp. kosher salt
70  chocolate wafer cookies (we used Famous Chocolate Wafers, about 1½ 9-ounce package)
Using an electric mixer on high, beat the heavy cream, sour cream, confectioners’ sugar, hot cocoa mix, vanilla, and salt in a large bowl until stiff peaks form.
Dab some of the cream mixture on one cookie and place it in the center of a serving platter (the cream will help keep it in place). Repeat with 6 cookies, arranging them around and touching the center cookie.
Spread 1/2 cup of the cream mixture on top, spreading over the cookies, leaving a 1/2-inch border around the edge. Place a cookie in the center of the cream and arrange 6 cookies around it. Repeat with 1/2 cup of the cocoa cream and 7 cookies to make 10 layers of cookies total. Top with the remaining cream.
Refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to overnight. Sprinkle with crushed chocolate cookies before serving, if desired.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. apple pie spice
½ tsp. kosher salt
.13 tsp. kosher salt
2 large eggs
1½ c. buttermilk
1  apple
½ c. maple syrup
½ c. heavy cream
½ c. roughly chopped toasted walnuts
In a large measuring cup or bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, apple pie spice, and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs and buttermilk. Add the buttermilk mixture to the flour mixture and whisk until fully incorporated (a few small lumps are fine). Stir in the apple.
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. Check the heat by sprinkling the skillet with water — when the water bubbles and evaporates immediately, pour 3 scant 1/4 cups of batter into the skillet.
Cook the pancakes until bubbles begin to appear around the edges and in the center, about 1 to 2 minutes. Using a spatula, peek under the pancakes to check if they are golden brown, then carefully flip them.
Cook the pancakes 1 minute more, peeking to make sure the underside is golden brown. Transfer them to a baking sheet and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter (if your pancakes stick, wipe the skillet with 1 teaspoon canola oil before cooking the next batch).
Simmer the maple syrup and the remaining 1/8 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan over medium heat until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream until fully incorporated; simmer for 1 minute. Stir in the walnuts and serve with the pancakes.


1 tbsp. cornstarch
¾ c. granulated sugar
3 large egg whites
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. white vinegar
Liquid red food coloring (optional)
3  pink or red grapefruits
2 tbsp. strawberry jam
1½ c. heavy cream
1 c. plain Greek yogurt
3 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
Heat oven to 250 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.
In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch and 1/4 cup granulated sugar. Using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until incorporated. Gradually add the cornstarch mixture, then beat on high until the whites are stiff and glossy, about 2 minutes; beat in the vanilla and vinegar. If desired, dye the meringue pink: Add 2 small drops of red food coloring and gently fold into the meringue until fully incorporated and the mixture is pale pink.
Using a spatula, spoon the meringue into 8 mounds (each about a heaping 1/3 cup) onto the prepared baking sheets. Spread each into 3-inch disks, then using the back of a spoon, make a deep indent in the center of each. Bake until the meringue is dry and has formed a crust, 30 to 40 minutes. Turn off the oven, but do not open the door; let cool inside the oven for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, cut away the peel and white pith of the grapefruits. Working over a bowl to catch the juices, cut the grapefruits into segments. In a medium bowl, whisk the jam with 1 tablespoon grapefruit juice. Cut the grapefruit segments into 1/2-inch pieces and gently toss with the jam mixture.
Using an electric mixer on high, beat the heavy cream, yogurt and confectioners' sugar in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Spoon the cream mixture into each meringue and top with the grapefruit mixture.


1 c. unsalted butter
1 bar cream cheese
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ tsp. salt
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. walnuts
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
1 large egg
In a food processor, blend butter, cream cheese, granulated sugar, and salt until well combined. Add flour, and pulse just until a dough forms. Divide dough in half; flatten into disks, and wrap each in plastic. Refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours and up to 2 days, or freeze up to 3 months (thaw before baking).
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with racks set in upper and lower thirds. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside. In a small bowl, combine egg with 1 teaspoon water to make an egg wash.
Working with one disk at a time, place dough on lightly floured parchment paper, and roll out into an 11-inch circle (about 1/4 inch thick), dusting lightly with flour as needed. Using a large dinner plate as a guide, cut around dough to make a perfect circle; trim off and discard scraps. Brush circles with egg wash; dividing evenly, sprinkle with walnuts and brown sugar.
Using a sharp knife or pizza cutter, cut each circle into 16 equal triangles. Starting from the wide end, roll up each triangle of dough; place on lined baking sheets, seam side down. Brush rolls with egg wash.
Bake until golden brown, 30 to 32 minutes. Transfer rugelach to a wire rack to cool completely.


1 lb. dried Turkish apricots
1 lb. dark chocolate
Foil candy wrappers
Using a heavy mallet, flatten apricots to 1/4 inch thick; set aside. Microwave chocolate in a glass bowl in 15-second intervals, stirring vigorously with a rubber spatula and scraping down sides in between, until just melted (chocolate should be no warmer than 86 degrees F).
Dip each apricot in chocolate, coating evenly. Transfer to wire racks set over parchment paper; let stand until set.
Transfer apricots to baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Refrigerate until firm, at least 25 minutes. Wrap in foil wrappers. Gelt can be refrigerated in an airtight container up to 3 days.


1  scant tablespoon active dry yeast
2½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. sugar
½ c. sugar
1 pinch salt
2 tbsp. margarine or unsalted butter
¼ c. raspberry or strawberry jam or jelly
¾ c. warm water (about 110 degrees)
2 large eggs
peanut oil
In a large bowl, stir together the warm water and yeast. Let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add 3/4 cup flour, 1/4 cup sugar, and salt; mix until well combined. Add egg yolks and remaining 1 3/4 cups flour. Mix until combined, then knead dough in bowl until all flour is incorporated. Turn out onto a lightly floured work surface; knead a few minutes until smooth. Knead in margarine until incorporated.
Transfer dough to a well-oiled bowl, turning several times to coat entirely with oil. Cover tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.
Bring dough to room temperature, about 30 minutes. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out dough into an 11-inch square, about 1/4 inch thick. Cut out about 24 (2-inch) rounds. Reroll scraps; cut out about 16 more rounds.
Line a baking sheet with a clean kitchen towel. In a small bowl, lightly beat egg whites. Brush edge of a dough round with egg white, then mound 1/2 teaspoon jam in center. Top with another round; press edges to seal. Repeat with remaining rounds. Transfer to prepared baking sheet; let rise until puffy, 20 to 30 minutes.
Heat 3 inches of oil in a large, heavy pot until it reaches 360 degrees F on a deep-fry thermometer. Working in batches of 4 or 5, slip doughnuts into hot oil. Fry, turning once, until golden brown, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer doughnuts to paper towels to drain.
While doughnuts are still hot, dip them in remaining 1/2 cup sugar, turning to coat. Serve immediately.


1 tbsp. active dry yeast
¾ c. whole milk or soy milk
3½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ tsp. Coarse salt
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
4 oz. unsalted butter or nondairy margarine
2 c. superfine sugar
6 large egg yolks
Safflower oil, for deep-frying (about 8 cups)

Place yeast in the bowl of a mixer. Pour milk over yeast; stir to combine. Let stand until foamy, about 2 minutes. Add 2 3/4 cups flour to bowl without stirring. Cover tightly with plastic, and let stand in a warm place until surface is cracking, about 45 minutes.
Whisk together cup flour, the yolks, brown and granulated sugars, vanilla, salt, and cinnamon.
Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, swirling occasionally, until dark brown with a nutty aroma. Remove from heat. Pour browned butter (with browned bits) over yolk mixture; whisk to combine.
Add yolk-butter mixture to yeast mixture. Beat with a mixer on medium-low speed until just combined. Add remaining 1/2 cup flour. Beat on medium-high speed until combined, about 2 minutes (dough will be sticky). Transfer to an oiled bowl; cover. Let stand in a warm place until doubled in volume, about 2 hours. Turn out dough onto a floured surface, and knead for 2 minutes. Return dough to bowl. Let stand until doubled in volume, about 30 minutes more.
Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. Gently roll out dough into a 10-by-25-inch rectangle. Cut crosswise into twenty 1/2-inch-thick strips. Bring ends of 1 strip together, twist, and pinch ends to seal. Place on a baking sheet. Repeat with remaining strips. Let stand for 15 minutes.
Heat 2 to 3 inches oil in a heavy 5-quart saucepan until a deep-fry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Working in batches, fry doughnuts, turning occasionally, until browned, about 2 minutes. (Adjust heat as necessary to maintain oil temperature.) Transfer doughnuts to paper-towel-lined plates to drain; let cool slightly. Toss doughnuts in superfine sugar. Serve with chocolate-brandy sauce if desired.


8 oz. melted semisweet chocolate
2 oz. melted white chocolate
12  chocolate kisses
12  marshmallows
12  thin pretzel sticks
Dip bottom of chocolate kiss in melted semisweet chocolate. Press onto marshmallow; transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat to make 12 dreidels. Refrigerate for 10 minutes.
Cut a small slit in bottom of each marshmallow; insert 1 thin pretzel stick. Dip dreidels in chocolate, and return to baking sheet. Refrigerate until set, about 15 minutes.
Fill a resealable plastic bag with melted white chocolate; cut a tiny opening in a corner, and pipe Hebrew letters onto 3 sides of each dreidel. Refrigerate at least 5 minutes or up to 8 hours before serving.


½ c. granulated sugar
1 c. warm whole milk or soy milk
2 tbsp. warm whole milk or soy milk
3½ c. all-purpose flour
1¼ tsp. Coarse salt
3 tbsp. unsalted butter or margarine
6 c. vegetable oil
1¼ c. confectioners' sugar
2 c. raspberry jam
1  scant tablespoon active dry yeast
2 large eggs
Vegetable-oil cooking spray
Blue sanding sugar
Combine yeast, sugar, and 1 cup milk. Let stand until foamy, about 8 minutes.
Whisk flour and salt in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment. Add yeast mixture, eggs, and butter, and beat on medium-low speed until dough is soft but not sticky, about 3 minutes.
On a lightly floured surface, knead dough until smooth and elastic, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer dough to a medium bowl coated with cooking spray, and cover loosely with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm, draft-free place until doubled in size, about 1 1/2 hours.
Punch down the dough. On a lightly floured surface, knead dough a few times, and roll out to 1/4 inch thick. Cover with a clean kitchen towel, and let rest for 5 minutes. Using a 2-inch cookie cutter, cut out rounds, and transfer to a lightly floured baking sheet. Reroll scraps, and cut out. Cover rounds with kitchen towel, and let rise slightly in a warm, draft-free place for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat oil in a pot until it reaches 375 degrees F. Line a wire rack with paper towels. Working in batches of 4 or 5, add doughnuts to oil, and fry, turning once, until golden and puffed, about 1 minute per side. Using a slotted spoon, place doughnuts on rack to cool.
Place a wire rack on parchment or a baking sheet. Whisk together confectioners' sugar and remaining 2 tablespoons milk in a shallow bowl. Spoon jam into a pastry bag fitted with a plain 3/8-inch tip (such as Ateco #804). Pierce a hole in the side of a doughnut with the tip, and squeeze in jam to fill (filled doughnuts will feel heavy). Place on rack. Repeat.
Holding filled doughnuts by their sides, gently dip tops into icing and return to rack. Immediately sprinkle with sanding sugar. Doughnuts are best when served immediately, but they can be stored in airtight containers overnight.


¾ c. heavy cream
3 tbsp. light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. brandy
1 pinch salt
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate (preferably 61 percent cacao)
Bring cream, sugar, brandy, and salt to a boil in a small saucepan. Pour over chocolate, and whisk to combine.




3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
1¼ tsp. Coarse salt
⅔ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. finely grated lemon zest
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
8 oz. unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. fresh lemon juice
3 large eggs
3 c. confectioners' sugar
7 to 8 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¼ c. white nonpareils
2 tbsp. white nonpareils
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make the cookies: Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl. Pulse sugar and zest in a food processor until combined, about 2 minutes.
Beat sugar-zest mixture and butter in a mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add vanilla and lemon juice. Reduce speed to low. Gradually add flour mixture, and beat until combined.
Scoop 1 tablespoon dough (or use a 1 1/8-inch ice cream scoop), and transfer to a lightly floured surface. Roll dough into a 4-inch rope. Bring ends together, overlapping slightly, and press together to form a ring. Repeat with remaining dough. Transfer rings to parchment-lined baking sheets, about 1 1/2 inches apart, as you work. Bake until pale golden on the bottoms and around the edges, about 18 minutes. Transfer to wire racks, and let cool.
Make the glaze: Whisk together confectioners' sugar and lemon juice in a small bowl until smooth. Dip the top side of each cookie into glaze, letting excess drip off. Return cookies to wire racks, glaze side up, and sprinkle with nonpareils. Let dry completely. Decorated cookies can be stored at room temperature for up to 3 days.


6 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 c. heavy cream
1 large candy cane
Vegetable oil cooking spray
3 large egg whites
¾ c. sugar
¼ tsp. pure peppermint extract
Red gel-paste food coloring
Preheat oven to 175 degrees F. Trace 16 circles onto each of 2 pieces of parchment using a 1 3/4-inch round cookie cutter, spacing about 2 inches apart. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray, and top each with a sheet of parchment, traced side down.
Make the meringue cups: Heat egg whites and sugar in a heatproof bowl of a mixer set over a pan of simmering water, stirring, until sugar dissolves and mixture is warm to the touch, about 3 minutes. Transfer bowl to mixer. Whisk on medium-high speed until stiff peaks form. Beat in peppermint extract.
Using a small food-safe paintbrush, paint 3 stripes of red food coloring up the inside of a pastry bag fitted with a  1/4-inch plain round tip. Transfer egg-white mixture to pastry bag; pipe coils to fill each traced circle. Pipe up sides of each to create  3/4-inch- to 1-inch-high cups.
Bake until meringue cups are crisp but not browned and lift off parchment easily, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Transfer meringue cups to a wire rack, and let cool completely.
Meanwhile, make the ganache: Transfer chocolate to a heatproof bowl. Bring cream to a gentle simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour over chocolate, and let stand for 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Cover loosely with plastic wrap, and cut a small slit in the top. Refrigerate until firm, 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes.
Stir ganache, and transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/4-inch open-star tip. Pipe ganache into the center of each meringue cup. Garnish with candy cane.


3 c. all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. fine salt
1 c. unsalted butter
1¼ c. sugar
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. very finely crushed hard candy
4 large egg yolks
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar on medium-high until light and fluffy, 3 minutes. Add egg yolks and vanilla and beat to combine. With mixer on low, gradually add flour mixture and beat to combine. Form dough into 2 disks, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with racks in upper and lower thirds. Working with 1 disk at a time, roll out dough between floured parchment paper to 1/8-inch thickness. Stack dough in parchment on a baking sheet; refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes. With a 2 1/2-inch Christmas-ball-shaped cutter, cut out dough (reroll scraps, if desired). Place cookies, 1 inch apart, on two parchment-lined baking sheets. With a 1-inch star cutter, cut out dough in center of each cookie. Bake until cookies are pale but set, 8 to 10 minutes, rotating sheets halfway through. Remove sheets from oven; fill cutouts with crushed candy. Bake until cookies begin to brown at edges and candy is melted, 3 minutes. Let cool completely on sheets on wire racks.




2½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. granulated sugar
¾ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. fine salt
½ tsp. cinnamon
1 c. hazelnuts
1 c. unsalted butter
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 large egg yolks
confectioners' sugar
¾ c. desired filling
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon. In a food processor, pulse hazelnuts with 1/4 cup flour mixture until very finely ground. Add remaining flour mixture and process to combine. Add butter and pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add egg yolks and vanilla and pulse until dough just comes together. Form dough into 2 disks, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with racks in upper and lower thirds. Working with 1 disk at a time, roll out dough between floured parchment paper to 1/8-inch thickness. Stack dough in parchment on a baking sheet; refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes. With a lightly floured 2 1/2-inch fluted round cutter, cut out dough. (If dough becomes too soft, refrigerate a few minutes; reroll scraps, if desired.) Place cookies, 1 inch apart, on two parchment-lined baking sheets. With a 1-inch cutter, cut out dough in centers of half the cookies. Bake until cookies just begin to brown at edges, 10 to 12 minutes, rotating sheets halfway through. If desired, bake small cutouts separately, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer cookies to wire racks and let cool completely.
Lightly sift confectioners' sugar over cutout tops. Spread about 2 teaspoons filling on bottoms of remaining cookies and sandwich with sugar-dusted tops. Store cookies in airtight containers, up to 1 week.




1  roll refrigerated sugar cookie dough
½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
You’ll also need: 3 7/8-inch, 2 3/8-inch, and/or 1 1/2-inch star-shaped cookie cutters, starlight mints, Decorating Icing (see below), red paste or gel food color, fine artist’s brushes, holiday sprinkles, decorating sugars, nonpareils, and star-shaped candy sequins
1 lb. onfectioners' sugar
¼ c. Just Whites (see Note)
⅓ c. water
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Knead together dough and flour until smooth; knead in zest. Roll out on lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness.
For solid cookies, use cookie cutters to cut out 3 7/8-, 2 3/8-, and/or 1 1/2-inch star shapes. Place on ungreased baking sheets and bake 8 minutes for medium and large stars, 6 minutes for small stars, or until just starting to brown around edges. Cool cookies on sheet 1 minute, then remove to wire racks to cool completely. Reroll scraps only once and repeat cutting and baking.
For starlight mint-center cookies, you'll need baking sheets lined with nonstick foil. Cut out 3 7/8-inch stars. Place on lined baking sheets. Cut 2 3/8-inch stars from centers of the larger cookies. (Cutouts may be baked separately on ungreased baking sheets or rerolled once to make more candy-centered stars.)
Bake 6 minutes, until just starting to brown around edges. Remove from oven. Place starlight mint in center of each cut-out cookie. Return baking sheet to oven and bake 4 to 5 minutes, until candy is melted. Cool completely on sheet, then peel cookies off foil.
To make the icing: Beat confectioners' sugar and Just Whites (see Note) in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until combined. Add  water; beat until blended. Increase speed to high; beat 8 minutes or until icing is very think and white. Makes 2 1/2 cups.
To decorate cookies: Divide Decorating Icing between two bowls. Tint one red. Spoon some of the white and red icings into separate sturdy ziptop bags. Thin remaining icing in bowls with drops of water until spreadable. Keep covered when not using.
Snip tip off a corner of one of the ziptop bags. Pipe outline on cookies. Let outlines dry about 5 minutes. Dip brush into thinned icing; spread to piped border. While wet, sprinkle some cookies with decorations. Pipe lines of alternate color onto wet icing on other cookies and pull a toothpick through while icing is still wet. Let dry at least 2 hours. Store airtight at cool room temperature with wax paper between layers up to 1 week.


3 stick  unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
¼ c. packed light-brown sugar
1 large egg
2 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. lemon extract
½ tsp. salt
4⅓ c. all-purpose flour
Decorating Icing (see below)
You also need: 4-inch tree, snowflake, and flying-dove cookie cutters; small ziptop bags; green, blue, and yellow paste food colors; candy flower and star decors; and fine white decorating sugar
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. Just Whites (see Note)
⅓ c. water
Beat butter and sugars in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until fluffy. Beat in egg, extracts and salt. Beat in flour just until blended.
Divide dough in thirds. Shape each third into a 1-in.-thick disk; wrap separately. Refrigerate 1 hour or until firm.
Heat oven to 375 degrees F.
On floured surface, roll out 1 disk at a time to 1/4 in. thick. Using floured cutters, cut out trees, snowflakes and doves. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s). Reroll scraps and cut once.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes until golden at edges. Cool slightly on sheet on a wire rack; move to rack to cool completely.
To make the icing: Beat confectioners' sugar and Just Whites (see Note) in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until combined. Add water; beat until blended. Increase speed to high; beat 8 minutes or until icing is very thick and white. Makes 2 1/2 cups.
Tint 1 cup icing green, 3 Tbsp icing yellow and 1/4 cup icing blue. Spoon 1/2 cup white icing into a ziptop bag. Put remaining white icing in a bowl.
To thin icing for spreading: Add drops of water to tinted and white icing just until thin enough to spread.
For Trees: Spread green icing on cookies. Let dry 3 hours. Cut tip off corner of bag of icing; pipe garland. Add decors.
For Doves: Spread thinned white icing on cookies, leaving beaks un-iced. Let dry 3 hours. Dip a fine brush or a toothpick into yellow icing; paint on beaks and eyes. Using icing in bag, pipe wing outlines. Immediately sprinkle with white decorating sugar.
For Snowflakes: Spread thinned white icing on cookies. While wet, use a toothpick to drop on dots of thinned blue icing. Drag the pick through both colors to marbleize. Let dry 3 hours. Pipe outlines; sprinkle with white decorating sugar.




3 stick unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light brown sugar
1 large egg
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. salt
4½ c. all-purpose flour
1 bag silvermint (clear) hard candies or ice-blue hard mint candies
Icing
White candy snowflakes and white edible glitter or decorating sugar
You'll also need: 4 1/2-inch and 2-inch, or 3 1/2-inch and 1-inch, snowflake cutters; pastry bag with #3 writing tip
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. Just Whites (see Note)
⅓ c. water
Beat butter and sugars in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in egg, extract, cinnamon and salt. Add flour just until blended.
Divide dough into four portions. Shape each into a 1/2-inch-thick disk; wrap separately. Refrigerate 1 hour or until firm.
Place unwrapped mint candies in plastic food storage bag; seal bag. Crush with a rolling pin until very fine and slightly powdery.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. You'll need a baking sheet(s) lined with nonstick foil.
Place one disk at a time (keep others refrigerated) between two sheets of wax paper. Roll out to a scant 1/4-inch thickness. Remove top sheet of paper. Cut out desired shapes with floured large cookie cutters (don't cut centers yet). Carefully transfer shapes to prepared baking sheet(s), spacing them 2 inches apart. Chill scraps; reroll and cut.
Bake 8 minutes. Remove sheet from oven to a wire rack; let stand 1 minute. For each 4 1/2-inch cookie, center the 2-inch snowflake cutter (for 3 1/2-inch cookie, use the 1-inch) and press straight down until cutter hits baking sheet; gently squeeze edges of cutter, lift off the cutout cookie and discard. Using a tiny spoon, spoon crushed mints inside cutout, mounding slightly higher than cookies to fill. Using drinking straw, make small hole in cookie for hanging.
Return to oven and bake 7 to 10 minutes longer, or until candy has melted completely and edges of cookies are golden. Cool 2 minutes on sheet on a wire rack. Remove to rack to cool completely. Roll, cut and bake remaining dough.
Add drops of water to thick white icing just until thin enough to spread. Spread icing within the piped outlines to fill cookie. Let dry slightly, then decorate with candy snowflakes and edible glitter, if desired. Let cookies dry 1 hour. Using thick icing, pipe decorative snowflake lines on cookies, if desired. Let dry completely, about 3 hours.
To make the icing: Beat confectioners' sugar and 1/4 cup Just Whites in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until combined. Add water; beat until blended. Increase speed to high; beat 8 minutes or until icing is very thick and white. Makes 2 1/2 cups.
Fill a pastry bag fitted with a #3 plain writing tip with thick decorating icing. Pipe an outline around edges and cutouts of cookies. Let icing dry completely.
Add drops of water to thick white icing just until thin enough to spread. Spread icing within the piped outlines to fill cookie. Let dry slightly, then decorate with candy snowflakes and edible glitter, if desired. Let cookies dry 1 hour. Using thick icing, pipe decorative snowflake lines on cookies, if desired. Let dry completely, about 3 hours.




1½ stick unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
2½ tsp. grated lemon zest
1 tbsp. lemon juice
¼ tsp. salt
2⅓ c. all-purpose flour
Thick Decorating Icing (recipe follows)
Assorted gel food colors (optional)
You'll also need: 3-inch ornament cookie cutters, assorted colors of edible pearl dragées
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. Just Whites (see Note)
⅓ c. water
Beat ingredients except flour in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. On low speed, gradually beat in flour.
Divide dough into four portions. Shape each into a 1/2-inch-thick disk; wrap separately. Refrigerate 2 hours or until firm.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. You'll need a baking sheet(s) coated with nonstick spray.
Place one disk at a time (keep others refrigerated) between two sheets of wax paper that have been sprinkled with flour. Roll out to 1/8 inch thick. Remove top sheet of paper. Cut out desired shapes with floured cookie cutters. Transfer shapes with a floured spatula to prepared baking sheet(s), spacing them 2 inches apart. Chill scraps, then re-roll and cut.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes, just until edges are golden. Cool on baking sheet on wire rack 2 minutes, then remove to rack to cool completely.
Beat confectioners' sugar and Just Whites (see Note) in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until combined. Add water; beat until blended. Increase speed to high; beat 8 minutes or until icing is very thick and white. Makes 2 1/2 cups.
Divide some of the icing among smaller bowls, one for each desired color; tint with food colors. Add drops of water to icing just until thin enough to spread. Spread over cookies; let dry several hours. Using thick icing (white or tinted), pipe designs on cookies and decorate with colored dragées. Let dry completely, about 3 hours.
Store airtight with wax paper between layers at cool room temperature up to 2 weeks, or freeze (undecorated) up to 3 months. Store decorated cookies at room temperature up to 5 days.


4 stick unsalted butter
2 c. confectioners' sugar
4 tsp. vanilla
5 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. salt

1½ c. confectioners’ sugar
3 tbsp. lemon juice
1½ tbsp. corn syrup
1 tbsp. lemon zest
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
3 tbsp. milk
1½ tbsp. corn syrup
.13 tsp. almond extract
1 tbsp. finely chopped toasted almonds
1 c. frozen blackberries
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
1½ tbsp. corn syrup
8 oz. white chocolate
4 tsp. vegetable shortening
4 tsp. pistachio paste
.13 tsp. fine sea salt
1 tbsp. finely chopped pistachios
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium-high, beat butter until smooth, about 8 minutes. Add sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla. Reduce mixer to low, add flour and salt, and beat until combined.
Divide dough into 4 equal pieces and pat each into a square. Roll out each square between 2 sheets of lightly floured parchment to 1/4-inch thickness. Transfer to a baking pan, wrap tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate, about 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Remove and unwrap 1 dough square. Using a 1-inch square cutter, cut out 24 cookies. Transfer to 2 parchment-lined baking pans, spacing cookies about 1 inch apart. Bake until light golden and firm around the edges, 12 to 15 minutes, rotating pans halfway through. Transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with remaining dough squares.
Lemon Glaze:
Almond Glaze:
Blackberry Glaze:
White Chocolate-Pistachio Glaze:
Dip cookies in glaze on the diagonal, then gently swipe bottom edge to remove excess. If specified, sprinkle with toppings. Set cookies on wire rack placed atop a sheet of waxed paper. Allow glaze to completely harden overnight.
To package, remove dividers from four boxes and line the bottom of each box with parchment. Replace dividers. Arrange 24 cookies (6 of each glaze) in each box, as shown.


1 stick unsalted butter
⅔ c. confectioners’ sugar
1 large egg yolk
½ tsp. almond extract
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. salt
1⅓ c. all-purpose flour
apricot preserves
seedless raspberry jam
confectioners’ sugar
You’ll also need: 1 1/4-in. fluted square cutter, 1-in. alphabet cutters
Beat butter, sugar, egg, extracts and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. On low speed, beat in flour until blended. Divide dough in half; shape each into a 1-in.-thick disk and wrap separately in plastic. Chill 1 hour or until firm.
Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, nonstick foil or reusable nonstick liners. On floured surface, roll out 1 disk at a time (keep other refrigerated) to 1/8-in. thickness. Using a floured square cutter, cut out 35 squares; place on one baking sheet, 1 in. apart. Chill in refrigerator 10 minutes. Heat oven to 350°F. Remove baking sheet from refrigerator and bake 8 to 10 minutes until edges are lightly golden. Cool on wire rack.
Roll out remaining dough and cut out 35 more squares. Using floured alphabet cutters from centers of squares; move squares to second prepared baking sheet and chill 10 minutes. Bake 7 to 8 minutes, or until bottoms and edges are lightly browned. Cool on sheet on wire rack 2 minutes; move to rack to cool completely.
Spread jam on bottoms of whole cookie squares; top with a cutout letter cookie and sandwich together. Dust faces of cookies with confectioners' sugar.


nonstick cooking spray
2 tsp. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
10 oz. dark chocolate (60 to 70 percent cacao)
3¼ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking soda
1½ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
2 stick unsalted butter
1¾ c. granulated sugar
1 c. light brown sugar
4 large eggs
16 oz. full-fat Greek yogurt
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¾ c. nutty granola without fruit
confectioners' sugar
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously coat a 10-inch Bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray and dust it with cocoa powder.
In a large heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, melt the chopped chocolate. Remove from the heat and whisk in the 2 teaspoons of cocoa powder.
Sift the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter at medium speed until very smooth. Add both sugars and beat until fluffy, 2 minutes. Scrape down the bowl and beat for 10 seconds longer. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then beat in the yogurt and vanilla. At low speed, beat in the dry ingredients in 3 batches, until just incorporated.
Scrape two-thirds of the batter into the chocolate and fold until no streaks remain (the batter will be very thick). Scrape half of the chocolate batter into the pan and smooth the surface. Dollop the vanilla batter into the pan and swirl with a knife. Scrape the remaining chocolate batter into the pan and swirl a few more times. Sprinkle the granola on top and lightly press it onto the batter.
Bake the cake in the center of the oven for 55 to 60 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let cool on a wire rack for at least 45 minutes. Invert the cake onto a plate and let cool. Dust with confectioners' sugar and serve.


1½ c. blanched whole almonds
2 c. all-purpose flour
1¾ tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. cinnamon
1½ tsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. ground cloves
1 tsp. ground allspice
1 tsp. fine salt
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg
1½ c. light brown sugar
½ c. sweet orange marmalade
¼ c. candied ginger
¼ c. unsulfured molasses
5 large eggs
3 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. whole milk
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a rimmed baking sheet and toast for about 10 minutes, until fragrant and lightly golden. Let cool completely. In a medium bowl, whisk the flour with the baking powder, cinnamon, ground ginger, cloves, allspice, salt, and nutmeg.
In a food processor, pulse the cooled almonds until coarsely chopped. Add the brown sugar and pulse until incorporated. Add the marmalade, candied ginger, and molasses and pulse until the mixture is well blended and the nuts are finely chopped. Add the eggs all at once and pulse until just incorporated. Add the dry ingredients and pulse until incorporated and the batter is uniform in color. Scrape the soft batter into a bowl, cover, and freeze until very firm, at least 4 hours.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Using a 2-tablespoon ice cream scoop, scoop 8 level mounds onto each baking sheet, about 3 inches apart. Freeze the remaining batter between batches. Bake the cookies in the upper and lower thirds of the oven for about 20 minutes, until risen and slightly firm; shift the pans from top to bottom and front to back halfway through. Transfer the sheets to racks and let the cookies and pans cool completely. Repeat with the remaining batter.
In a bowl, whisk the confectioners' sugar with the milk and butter. Spread the cookies with icing and let dry completely before serving or wrapping.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter
5 large Bartlett pears
1 c.
1 tsp. unflavored powdered gelatin
16 oz. cream cheese
3 c. heavy cream
8 oz. gingersnap cookies
gingersnap cookies
In a large skillet, melt the butter. Add the diced pears. Cover and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until just softened, about 8 minutes. Add 1/2 cup of the caramel sauce, cover, and cook over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until the pears are tender, 5 minutes. Scrape the pears onto a plate and refrigerate until cool.
In a small microwave-safe bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over 2 tablespoons of water. Let stand until softened, about 5 minutes. Microwave at high power for 5 seconds, just until the gelatin is melted. Transfer the gelatin mixture to a bowl and add the cream cheese and the remaining 1/2 cup of caramel sauce. Using an electric mixer, beat at medium-high speed until smooth, about 2 minutes.
In another bowl, whip 1 1/2 cups of the cream until firm peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture.
Spoon one-fourth of the mousse into a medium trifle bowl. Top with one-fourth of the gingersnaps and one-fourth of the pears. Repeat the layering, ending with a layer of pears. Cover and refrigerate overnight.
In a bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the remaining 1 1/2 cups of cream until soft peaks form. Dollop the cream over the trifle and garnish with crushed gingersnaps.


3 sprig rosemary
1¼ c. honey
½ c. water
20  mixed oranges
salt
Using a pestle or cocktail muddler, lightly bruise the rosemary needles. In a small saucepan, combine the rosemary with the honey and water and warm over moderately low heat for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand for 30 minutes. Transfer the rosemary-infused honey to a serving bowl or small pitcher.
Meanwhile, using a sharp knife, peel the oranges, removing all of the bitter white pith. Cut the oranges crosswise into 1/4-inch-thick slices and arrange them on platters. Season the oranges lightly with salt and drizzle with some of the infused honey. Serve with additional honey alongside.


nonstick cooking spray
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. cake flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
2¾ c. sugar
⅓ c. lemon zest
½ c. canola oil
2 stick unsalted butter
3 large eggs
3 large egg yolks
3 tbsp. dark rum
2 tbsp. pure lemon extract
¾ c. heavy cream
¼ c. sugar
¼ c. lemon juice
1 tbsp. dark rum
1 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. lemon juice
1 tsp. almond extract
¼ c. slivered almonds
¼ c. sugar
¼ c. freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 tbsp. dark rum
1 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 tsp. almond extract
½ c. slivered almonds
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously coat a 10-inch Bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray and dust the pan with all-purpose flour. Sift the 1 1/2 cups of all-purpose flour and cake flour into a medium bowl, along with the baking powder and salt.
In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle, use your fingers to rub the confectioners' sugar with the lemon zest until the sugar resembles pale yellow wet sand. Add the canola oil and cooled butter and beat at medium speed until blended, about 1 minute. Beat in the whole eggs, egg yolks, rum, and lemon extract until just incorporated, about 1 minute. Reduce the speed to low and beat in the heavy cream and the dry ingredients in 3 alternating batches, starting and ending with the dry ingredients; Be sure not to overbeat. Scrape down the side of the bowl and fold the batter until it is blended.
Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and use a spatula to smooth the surface. Bake in the middle of the oven for about 1 hour, rotating the pan halfway through, until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. Let the cake cool on a rack for 30 minutes.
Make lemon syrup
Invert the cake onto a wire rack set over a baking sheet. Using a wooden skewer, poke holes evenly all over the cake and brush with the lemon syrup. Let the cake cool completely.
Make the glaze and topping


3¼ c. cake flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
2 stick unsalted butter
2 c. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. orange zest
4 large eggs
½ c. sour cream
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ c. buttermilk
confectioners' sugar
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray three 8- by- 4-inch loaf pans (disposable are fine) with vegetable oil cooking spray, dust with flour, and arrange them on a baking sheet.
In a medium bowl, whisk the cake flour with the baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter with the sugar and orange zest at medium-high speed until fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well between additions and scraping down the side of the bowl. Beat in the sour cream and vanilla. At low speed, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients, beat in the dry ingredients in 3 additions, alternating with 3/4 cup of the buttermilk; gently fold just until blended.
Scrape the batter into the prepared pans and smooth the tops; gently tap once to release any air. Bake the loaves for about 45 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through, until a cake tester inserted in the center of each loaf comes out with a few moist crumbs attached.
Transfer the loaves to a rack for 20 minutes, then turn them out onto the rack and set them right side up to cool. Dust with confectioners' sugar, slice, and serve.


8 large eggs
3 large egg yolks
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
confectioners' sugar
1  vanilla bean
½ tsp. salt
1 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. milk
5 oz. bittersweet chocolate
3 large egg yolks
¼ c. sugar
1 pinch salt
1 c. half-and-half
2 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
5 stick unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
3 large egg whites
1 pinch salt
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and position racks in the lower and middle thirds. Spray two 12- by- 17-inch baking pans with vegetable oil spray and line the bottoms with parchment paper. Spray the parchment.
Put the 8 egg whites in the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the whisk. Add 2 cups of the confectioners' sugar, the vanilla seeds, and salt and beat at medium-high speed until the whites are stiff and glossy, 5 minutes. Scrape the meringue into a medium bowl.
Clean the mixing bowl and add the 11 egg yolks along with the remaining 2 cups of confectioners' sugar, the flour, and the milk. Beat at medium speed until smooth, about 3 minutes. Beat in one-fourth of the beaten eggs whites to lighten the batter. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the remaining egg whites until no streaks remain.
Spread the batter evenly in the prepared baking pans (about 5 cups for each). Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the cakes are golden and set; shift the pans from top to bottom and front to back halfway through baking. Transfer to racks to cool.
To make buttercream
In a mixing bowl fitted with the whisk, beat the butter until creamy. Scrape the chocolate mixture into the butter and beat until smooth and creamy.
Lightly dust the cakes with confectioners' sugar and top with a sheet of wax paper. Invert the cakes onto a work surface and carefully peel off the parchment. Cut each layer crosswise into four 12- by- 4 1/4-inch strips. Spread 6 layers with 1/2 cup of buttercream each and stack them on a rectangular cake cardboard or cake plate. Top with a seventh layer (save the eighth layer for a snack). Frost the top and sides with the remaining buttercream and refrigerate the cake until well chilled, at least 2 hours or preferably overnight.
To make meringue
Spread a thin layer of the meringue all over the cake, then use the remaining meringue to form decorative swirls on the cake. Using a brulée torch, brown the meringue all over. Refrigerate the cake for at least 1 hour before serving.


1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 tsp. salted butter
salted butter
Chocolate sprinkles
In a medium nonstick saucepan, combine the condensed milk with the chocolate and 1 teaspoon of butter. Cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until shiny and very thick, 15 to 18 minutes. Spread the mixture in a shallow dish and let cool for 15 minutes.
Arrange 30 paper candy cups on a baking sheet. Pour the sprinkles into a small shallow bowl. Rub your hands with butter. Scoop up rounded teaspoons of the candy mixture and roll them into balls. Roll the candy in the sprinkles and set them in a paper cup. Repeat to form the remaining candies. Serve slightly chilled or at room temperature.


2 qt. apple cider
3 c. heavy cream
½ c. sweetened condensed milk
4 c. sugar
¾ c. light corn syrup
¼ c. water
1½ tsp. kosher salt
1 stick unsalted butter
½ tsp. cinnamon
1 pinch ground allspice
1 pinch ground cloves
Neutral oil, such as canola or grapeseed
In a large saucepan, simmer the apple cider over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until reduced to 1 cup, about 1 hour. Pour the reduced cider into a bowl.
Line a 9- by- 13-inch rimmed pan with foil and coat the foil with nonstick cooking spray. In a medium saucepan, combine the heavy cream and condensed milk and bring to a simmer over moderate heat; keep the mixture warm over low heat.
In another large saucepan, combine the sugar with the reduced apple cider, corn syrup, water, and salt and bring to a boil. Simmer over moderate heat until the sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Carefully whisk in the butter until melted. Gradually whisk in the warm cream mixture until incorporated. Cook over moderately low heat, stirring frequently, until a golden caramel forms and the temperature reaches 245 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 45 minutes. Stir in the cinnamon, allspice, and cloves and scrape the caramel into the prepared pan. Let cool completely, then refrigerate the caramel overnight.
Lightly brush a sheet of parchment paper with oil. Invert the caramel onto the parchment and peel off the foil. Using a sharp knife, cut the caramel into 1-inch-wide strips, then cut the block crosswise into 1/2-inch rectangles. Wrap each caramel in a square of parchment paper or a candy wrapper and twist the ends to seal. Serve or pack the caramels into boxes.


1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 oz. white chocolate
1 tsp. salted butter
salted butter
1 c. cinnamon
In a medium nonstick saucepan, combine the condensed milk with the white chocolate and 1 teaspoon of butter. Cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until shiny and very thick, 15 to 18 minutes. Spread the mixture in a shallow dish and let cool for 15 minutes.
Arrange 30 paper candy cups on a baking sheet. In a shallow bowl, mix the pecans with the cinnamon. Rub your hands with butter. Scoop up rounded teaspoons of the candy mixture and roll them into balls. Roll the candy in the pecan mixture and set them in a paper cup. Repeat to form the remaining candies. Serve slightly chilled or at room temperature.


1 lb. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. Just Whites (dried egg whites)
⅓ c. water
With a mixer on low speed, beat confectioners' sugar and Just Whites in a large bowl until combined.
Add water. Increase speed to high; beat 8 minutes or until icing is very thick and white.


2¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
4 oz. semisweet chocolate or white chocolate
¼ tsp. peppermint extract
Red and white nonpareils
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and then the vanilla.
Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated. Shape the dough into 4 disks and roll each between 2 sheets of wax paper to 1/8 inch thick. Chill until firm, 30 minutes in the refrigerator or 15 minutes in the freezer.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Using floured candy cane–shaped cookie cutters, cut out cookies. Place on the prepared sheets. Reroll, chill, and cut the scraps.
Bake, rotating the positions of the pans halfway through, until the cookies are lightly golden brown around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool on the sheets for 5 minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely. Melt chocolate according to package directions, then stir in the peppermint extract. Dip half of each cookie in the chocolate, letting any excess drip off. Place on a cooling rack set over parchment paper and sprinkle with nonpareils, if desired.


2 large navel oranges
1 bottle red wine (such as Merlot)
¾ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. packed dark brown sugar
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 small cinnamon sticks
10  cloves
8  Bosc pears
whipped cream
Using a vegetable peeler, remove six 1-inch strips of orange zest from the orange and place into a large saucepan.
Juice the oranges (you should get about 1 cup). Add the juice, wine, granulated and brown sugars, lemon juice, vanilla, cinnamon sticks, and cloves to the saucepan and mix to combine.
Add the pears to the liquid and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, turning the pears occasionally, until they are easily pierced with a knife, 20 to 25 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pears to a platter.
Remove and discard the zest and spices from the saucepan. Return the pan to heat and simmer the liquid until syrupy and reduced by half, 25 to 30 minutes. Spoon the reduced sauce over the pears and serve with whipped cream, if desired.




1¾ lb. canned pitted black cherries in syrup
1 c. dark raisins
¾ c. finely chopped pitted dried dates
½ c. golden raisins
½ c. finely chopped pitted prunes
1 c. dried figs
1 c. marsala wine
1 c. pecans
1½ stick butter
2 tsp. finely grated orange rind
1¼ c. firmly packed dark brown sugar
3  eggs
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. self-rising flour
2 tbsp. cocoa powder
2 tsp. pie spice
3 oz. semi-sweet chocolate
7 oz. semi-sweet chocolate
½ c. heavy cream
Drain cherries; reserve 1/3 cup
syrup. Quarter cherries. Combine
cherries with remaining fruit,
3/4 cup of the Marsala, and
reserved cherry syrup in large
bowl. Cover; stand overnight.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Grease
deep 9-inch round cake pan; line
with two layers of parchment
paper, extending paper 2 inches
over edge of pan.
Process half the nuts until
ground finely; chop the remaining
nuts coarsely.
Beat butter, rind, and sugar in
small bowl with electric mixer
until combined; beat in eggs, one
at a time. Mix butter mixture into
fruit mixture; stir in sifted dry
ingredients, chocolate, and ground
and chopped nuts. Spread mixture
into pan.
Bake cake about 3 hours. Brush
hot cake with remaining marsala,
cover with foil; cool in pan.
Make ganache: Stir ingredients in small saucepan
over low heat until smooth.
Refrigerate, stirring occasionally,
about 20 minutes or until
spreadable.
Spread cake with ganache; top
with chocolate decoration (see
tips below). Dust with sifted
confectioners' sugar to serve, if
you like.


3 c. diced mixed dried and glacé fruit
⅓ c. finely chopped candied ginger
10 tbsp. butter
⅔ c. firmly packed light brown sugar
1 tsp. finely grated lemon rind
2 tbsp. lemon juice
½ c. brandy
½ tsp. baking soda
3  eggs
½ c. mashed banana
1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. self-rising flour
½ c. slivered almonds
Combine dried and glacé fruit,
ginger, butter, sugar, rind, juice,
and 1/3 cup of the brandy in
medium saucepan; stir over heat
until butter is melted and sugar
dissolved. Bring to a boil, remove
from heat; stir in soda. Transfer to
large bowl; cool.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease
8- by 12-inch rectangular pan;
line base and two long sides with
parchment paper, extending paper
2 inches above sides.
Stir egg and banana into fruit
mixture, then stir in sifted flours.
Spread mixture into pan; sprinkle
with nuts.
Bake cake about 45 minutes.
Brush hot cake with remaining
brandy, cover with foil; cool in
pan. Cut cake into 24 squares.
Dust with sifted confectioners'
sugar to serve, if you like.


3 c. golden raisins
1½ c. candied citrus peel
¾ c. coarsely chopped dark raisins
¾ c. coarsely chopped pitted dried dates
⅔ c. coarsely chopped pitted prunes
½ c. coarsely chopped glacé apricots
⅔ c. coarsely chopped glacé pineapple
½ c. slivered almonds
½ c. coarsely chopped walnuts
1 tbsp. finely grated orange rind
½ c. superfine sugar
¼ c. orange juice
½ c. Grand Marnier
2 stick butter
½ c. firmly packed light brown sugar
5  eggs
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. Grand Marnier
2 lb. ready-made white fondant
1  egg white
½ c. confectioners' sugar
10-inch round covered cake board
Decorative ribbon
Silver drageés
Combine fruit, nuts, and rind in
large bowl.
Cook sugar in large frying pan
over low heat, without stirring,
until it begins to melt, then stir
until sugar is melted and browned
lightly. Remove from heat, slowly
stir in juice; return to low heat, stir
until sugar dissolves (do not boil).
Stir in liqueur.
Pour syrup over fruit mixture.
Cover with plastic wrap; store
mixture in a cool, dark place for 10
days, stirring every day.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Line base
and sides of deep 9-inch round or
deep 8-inch square cake pan with
two layers of parchment paper,
extending paper 2 inches above
edge of pan.
Beat butter and brown sugar in
small bowl with electric mixer
until just combined; beat in eggs,
one at a time. Stir butter mixture
into fruit mixture. Mix in sifted
flour; spread mixture into pan. Tap
pan firmly on counter to settle
mixture into pan; level cake
mixture with wet spatula.
Bake cake about 3 1/2 hours.
Remove cake from oven, brush
with extra liqueur; cover hot cake
with foil, then turn upside down to
cool overnight.
Trim top of cake with sharp
knife to ensure it sits flat when
turned upside down. Mix a little
fondant and cold water to a sticky
paste. Spread about 2 tablespoons
of this mixture into the center of a
sheet of parchment paper about
2 inches larger than the cake;
position cake upside down on
paper.
Using spatula and small pieces
of fondant, patch any holes
on cake.
Brush egg white evenly over
cake. Knead white fondant on
surface dusted with confectioners'
sugar until smooth; roll to 1/4-inch
thickness. Lift icing onto cake with
rolling pin, smoothing icing over
cake with hands dusted with
confectioners' sugar. Using sharp
knife, cut excess icing away from
base of cake.
Mix scraps of fondant and cold
water to a sticky paste. Spread
about 2 tablespoons of paste in
center of board; center cake on
prepared board. Move the cake to
the correct position on the board;
using sharp craft knife or scalpel,
carefully cut away excess
parchment paper extending around
base of cake.
Secure ribbon around cake
using pins (remove before cutting
cake). Push drageés gently into
icing in the design of your choice.


1  fruit cake
2 tbsp. orange-flavored liquer
2 qt. vanille ice cream
1 tbsp. finely grated orange rind
Line 5 1/2- by- 8 1/2-inch loaf pan
with plastic wrap.
Brush cake slices with liqueur.
Place ice cream in large bowl;
stir in rind.
Spread half the ice cream
mixture into pan; top with cake
slices, then remaining ice cream.
Cover with plastic wrap; freeze
until firm. Using hot knife, cut
terrine into six slices.


3  eggs
½ c. superfine sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. self-rising flour
¼ c. corn starch
2 tbsp. instant coffee granules
¾ c. boiling water
⅓ c. marsala wine
2 tbsp. coffee-flavored liqueur
1 lb. mascarpone cheese
⅓ c. confectioners' sugar
1¼ c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease
deep 9-inch square cake pan with
butter.
Beat eggs in small bowl with
electric mixer about 10 minutes or
until thick and creamy; gradually
add sugar, one tablespoon at a
time, beating until sugar dissolves
between additions. Transfer to
large bowl.
Sift flours twice. Sift flours over
egg mixture; fold ingredients
together. Spread mixture into pan.
Bake sponge about 25 minutes.
Turn sponge immediately onto
parchment-covered wire rack, turn
top-side up to cool.
Meanwhile, dissolve coffee in
the water in small heatproof bowl.
Stir in marsala and liqueur; cool.
Beat mascarpone and
confectioners' sugar in small bowl
with electric mixer until smooth.
Beat in cream and 1/3 cup of the
coffee mixture.
Split sponge in half vertically,
then split each sponge in half
horizontally. Place one of the cake
rectangles on serving plate, cutside
up; brush with a quarter
of the remaining coffee mixture,
then spread with 2/3 cup of
mascarpone mixture. Repeat
layering process finishing with the
cake, cut-side down, and
remaining mascarpone mixture
spread on top and sides of cake. Refrigerate cake 2 hours.
Decorate cake with coarsely
chopped candied or toffee
almonds, if you like.


1¼ c. barely warm milk
½ oz. dried yeast
½ c. superfine sugar
4¾ c. bread flour
¼ tsp. Sea salt
2 stick butter
2  eggs
¾ c. golden raisins
½ c. dried cherries
½ c. finely chopped dried apricots
⅓ c. mixed candied citrus
¼ c. red glacé cherries
⅓ c. slivered almonds
1 tbsp. finely grated lemon rind
8 oz. marizpan
1½ c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tbsp. milk
Combine milk, yeast, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar in small bowl; cover, stand in a warm place about 10 minutes or until mixture is frothy.
Meanwhile, sift flour, salt, and remaining sugar into large bowl; rub in butter.
Stir yeast mixture and eggs into flour mixture; mix to a soft, sticky dough. Stir in fruit, nuts, and rind. Place dough in oiled bowl, cover with oiled plastic wrap; stand in warm place about 1 hour or until doubled in size.
Grease two baking sheets.
Turn dough onto floured surface, knead about 5 minutes or until smooth. Divide dough in half. Roll each half into 8- by 12-inch rectangle. Roll marzipan into two 10-inch logs; place along center of dough. Fold dough over marzipan, transfer to sheets. Cover with oiled plastic wrap, stand in warm place about 1 hour or until doubled in size.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Bake stollen 15 minutes. Reduce oven to 325 degrees F. Bake an additional 25 minutes or until browned and hollow sounding when tapped. Stand on pans 5 minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool.
Sift confectioners' sugar into medium bowl; stir in extra milk. Drizzle glaze over warm stollen.


1 c. coarsely chopped pistachios
6 large egg whites
1½ c. superfine sugar
2 tsp. corn starch
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 tsp. white vinegar
2 c. heavy cream
4 medium white peaches
4 oz. fresh blueberries
4 oz. fresh blackberries
2 tbsp. coarsely chopped pistachios
Make pistachio meringue:
Beat cream in small bowl with electric mixer until firm peaks form. Place one meringue on serving plate. Spread with half the cream; top with half the peaches and berries. Top with remaining meringue, cream, fruit, and nuts.


1 c. uncooked white medium-grain rice
5 c. milk
½ c. superfine sugar
1 piece orange rind
1  vanilla bean
2 tbsp. extra superfine sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
Combine rice, milk, sugar, and rind in 4 1/2-quart slow cooker. Halve vanilla bean lengthwise; scrape seeds into cooker, add vanilla bean.
Cook, covered, on low, 6 hours, stirring twice, or until rice is tender. Discard vanilla bean and rind.
Combine extra sugar and cinnamon in small bowl, sprinkle over pudding.


10 oz. crusty white bread
½ c. fig jam (conserve)
½ c. finely chopped dried cranberries
2½ c. milk
2⅓ c. light cream
½ c. superfine sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
6  eggs
Grease 4 1/2-quart slow cooker bowl. Spread bread slices with jam. Layer bread, overlapping, in cooker bowl; sprinkle with cranberries.
Combine milk, cream, sugar, and extract in medium saucepan; bring to a boil. Whisk eggs in medium bowl; gradually whisk in hot milk mixture. Pour custard over bread; stand 5 minutes.
Cook, covered, on low, about 4 hours (do not lift the lid during the cooking process, see tip).
Remove bowl from cooker. Stand pudding 5 minutes before serving. Serve pudding dusted with a little confectioner’s sugar.




1 stick unsalted butter
melted butter
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 lb. challah bread
1  butternut squash
1¼ c. sugar
4 large eggs
3 c. whole milk
1 can pure pumpkin purée
1½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. ground cloves
½ tsp. kosher salt
2 c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. bourbon
½ c. chopped toasted pecans
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter two 9-inch, deep-dish glass or ceramic pie plates. Spread the challah on a large baking sheet and toast for about 5 minutes, until lightly golden.
Cut the neck from the butternut squash. Peel it and cut it lengthwise into two  3/4-inch-thick slabs. Very thinly slice the slabs into long, thin strips on a mandoline. Peel, seed, and cut all of the remaining squash into 1/2-inch dice.
In a very large nonstick skillet, melt 3 tablespoons of the butter. Add the diced squash and cook over high heat until lightly browned in spots, about  3 minutes. Add 1/4 cup of the sugar and cook, stirring occasionally, until just tender and glossy, about 3 minutes longer. Let cool.
In a large bowl, whisk the remaining 1 cup of sugar with the eggs, milk, pumpkin, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt. Add the sautéed squash and the challah and gently toss to combine. Spoon the mixture into the buttered pie plates and top each with a loose lattice pattern of the squash strips. Brush the strips with butter and sprinkle with sugar. Cover with parchment and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake for 30 minutes longer, until the tops are golden and the puddings are set. Let the puddings rest for 15 minutes.
In a bowl, whisk the remaining butter with the confectioners' sugar, bourbon, and pecans. Serve the pudding with the sauce.


1  neck of butternut squash
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. sugar
8 oz. all-butter puff pastry
4 oz. cream cheese
.13 tsp. cinnamon
2 tbsp. apricot preserves
2 tbsp. chopped toasted pecans
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and butter the paper. Brush the squash with the melted butter and sprinkle with 1 1/2 tablespoons of the sugar. Roast for about 45 minutes, flipping the squash slices halfway through, or until softened. Let cool.
Meanwhile, roll out the pastry to a 14- by 6-inch rectangle and transfer it to a parchment paper–lined baking sheet. Prick the pastry all over with a fork and refrigerate until firm, about 5 minutes. Top with another sheet of parchment paper and a flat cookie sheet and bake for about 30 minutes, until the pastry is lightly golden on the bottom but not set. Remove the top cookie sheet and parchment and bake for 10 minutes longer, until the pastry is golden and crisp. Let cool.
Blend the cream cheese with the cinnamon and the remaining 1/2 tablespoon of sugar and spread it on the pastry. Arrange the squash slices on top. Brush with the apricot preserves and sprinkle with pecans. Cut into slices and serve.


1 stick unsalted butter
⅓ c. sugar
1 large egg yolk
¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. water
2 c. cranberries
2 large eggs
½ c. brown sugar
1½ tsp. all-purpose flour
¼ c. half-and-half
2 tbsp. half-and-half
.13 tsp. pure almond extract
confectioners' sugar
Lightly sweetened whipped cream
To make tart shell
Roll out the dough between 2 sheets of parchment paper into a 12-inch round. Carefully peel off the top layer of parchment paper and invert the dough onto a 9-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Peel off the parchment paper and gently press the dough into the pan. Trim the dough flush with the rim. Patch any cracks with the dough trimmings. Lightly prick the bottom with a fork. Refrigerate the tart shell until firm, about 30 minutes, or freeze for 10 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the tart shell with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake the tart shell for about 30 minutes, until the rim is lightly golden. Remove the foil and weights and bake the tart shell for about 5 minutes longer, until it is lightly golden all over. Set the tart pan on a baking sheet. Increase the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.
To make filling
In a medium bowl, beat the eggs with the brown sugar and flour. Whisk in the half-and-half and the almond extract. Spread the cranberries in the tart shell. Drizzle  1 tablespoon of the reserved cranberry syrup over the cranberries, then pour in the almond custard.
Bake the tart in the lower third of the oven until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer the tart in the pan to a rack to cool completely, at least 2 hours. Dust the tart with confectioners' sugar. Cut the tart into wedges and serve with whipped cream.


1 large egg yolk
1 tbsp. milk
all-purpose flour
1 package all-butter puff pastry
6 oz. guava paste
6 oz. cream cheese
sugar
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl, whisk the egg yolk with the milk.
On a lightly floured work surface, unfold the puff pastry and cut it into 6 squares. Transfer the squares to a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Cut the guava paste into 6 equal portions and spoon onto half of each pastry square. Top with the cream cheese. Brush the pastry edges with some of the egg wash. Fold the pastry over the filling to form rectangles and crimp the edges with a fork. Refrigerate for 15 minutes, until firm.
Brush the pastries with the remaining egg wash and sprinkle with sugar. Bake in the center of the oven for 30 minutes, rotating the pan from front to back halfway through, until the pastries are golden. Let cool for at least 30 minutes before serving.


6 oz. bleached all-purpose flour
1 stick unsalted butter
¼ c. plain whole yogurt (not Greek-style)
½ tsp. salt
Measure the flour into a glass or ceramic bowl and freeze for 15 minutes. Freeze the 3-tablespoon-size chunk of butter for 15 minutes. Put the 5 tablespoons of diced butter on a plate and refrigerate for 15 minutes. In a glass measuring cup, combine the yogurt and salt with 1 tablespoon of cold water and refrigerate for 15 minutes.
Using a pastry blender or two butter knives, cut the diced butter into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Using your hands, rub the mixture between your hands until all of the fat is evenly distributed and the mixture resembles fine oat flakes. Using a sharp knife or a cheese plane, very thinly slice the remaining  3 tablespoons of butter and freeze the slices for 5 minutes.
Add the butter slices to the bowl. Toss gently to separate the slices and cut once or twice to combine them with the flour; the slices should remain cold and intact. Drizzle the cold yogurt into the bowl, using a rubber spatula to stir and toss as you drizzle. Continue tossing the dough, scraping any off the spatula and the side of the bowl, until it is crumbly and evenly moistened. Press the dough into a 6-inch disk and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate the dough for at least 2 hours or overnight, or freeze for 1 month.


1 tbsp. yeast
1 c. milk
⅓ c. butter
1 c. sugar
2  eggs
4½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. nutmeg and/or cinnamon
1 c. raisins
½ c. brandy
Dissolve the yeast in the milk and set aside.
Combine the butter and sugar in a mixer. Beat eggs and add to the butter and sugar. Add the yeast and milk and mix well. Add the brandy. Sift together three cups of the flour and spices, then add to the wet ingredients. Gradually add the raisins. Knead in the remaining flour. On a floured board, knead until smooth and elastic.
Butter a tube pan or two small loaf pans. Put the dough in the pans and allow it to rise until doubled.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Bake 35 to 45 minutes. Turn out on a rack to cool. Top with favorite frosting.


2⅓ c. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
⅓ c. vegetable shortening
1 stick cold and cut into small pieces
1½ tbsp. unsalted butter
8 large Granny Smith apples
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¾ c. sugar
½ tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
In a medium bowl, combine 2 1/3 cups flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and baking powder. Using a pastry blender or 2 knives, cut in shortening and cold butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle 1/3 cup boiling water, 1 tablespoon at a time, over mixture, stirring with a fork until well combined. (If dough is too dry, sprinkle in more boiling water by the teaspoon.) Divide dough into 2 pieces, 1 slightly larger than the other. Pat each into a disk, wrap tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes or up to 2 days.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, toss apples with lemon juice, 3/4 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, and cinnamon. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Roll out the larger piece of dough between 2 sheets of lightly floured parchment paper to a 12-inch circle. Fit into a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate. Fill with apple mixture, arranging slices compactly. Dot apples with room temperature butter. Roll out remaining dough between 2 sheets of lightly floured parchment paper to a 10-inch circle. Moisten rim of bottom crust in pie plate with water. Drape smaller crust over apples; then trim to create a 1/2-inch overhang. Fold the top crust under the bottom crust to form a border around rim, gently pressing the 2 crusts together. Using your fingers, crimp around the edges. Using a sharp knife, cut several slits in center of top crust.
Place pie on a baking pan and bake for 45 minutes. Remove pie from oven, brush top lightly with water, and sprinkle with remaining sugar. If needed, cover rim with aluminum foil to prevent over-browning. Return pie to oven and bake until crust is browned and juices are bubbling, about 10 minutes more. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. (The pie can be covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated up to 2 days.)


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. ground walnuts
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
salt
⅔ c. vegetable shortening
½ c. dark-brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
.13 tsp. ground cloves
1 can pure pumpkin
1 c. evaporated milk
2 large eggs
In a large bowl, combine flour, walnuts, granulated sugar, and 3/4 teaspoon salt. Using a pastry blender or 2 knives, cut in shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle 1/4 cup ice-cold water over mixture and mix gently until dough begins to come together. (If dough is too dry, add up to 2 more tablespoons water, a tablespoon at a time.) Divide dough in half, pat each half into a disk, wrap tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes or up to 2 days.
Roll out 1 disk between 2 sheets of lightly floured parchment paper to an 11-inch circle. Fit dough into a 9-inch pie plate and trim edge to fit over rim. Roll remaining dough between 2 sheets of lightly floured parchment paper, into a 10-by-4 1/2-inch rectangle; trim edges. Cut dough lengthwise into 12 quarter-inch-wide strips; discard extra dough. Braid 3 strips together. Repeat with remaining strips for a total of 4 braids; then pinch ends together to create 1 continuous braid. Moisten dough on rim of pie plate with water and gently press braid onto rim. Refrigerate piecrust until chilled, 15 to 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F with a rack positioned in the middle. In a large bowl and using a whisk, combine brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and cloves. Add pumpkin, milk, and eggs and whisk for 1 minute to combine.
Place chilled piecrust on a baking pan and pour in pumpkin mixture. Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce heat to 350 degrees F. Bake until pie is set, 35 more minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. (The pie can be covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated up to 2 days.)


2½ tbsp. unsalted butter
9 large eggs
1  egg yolk
1.67 c. granulated sugar
3½ c. whole milk
.67 c. heavy cream
6 tsp. vanilla extract
2¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
10 slice country white bread
4½ c. fresh or frozen cranberries
¼ c. pecans
½ c. maple syrup
1 tbsp. bourbon
confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8 1/2- by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan. Cut a piece of parchment paper to a length of 26 inches. Fold in thirds lengthwise so that it becomes 4 1/2 inches wide. Lightly butter the paper and fit it inside the pan along all four sides, buttered side facing in; make sure at least 1 1/2 inches extend beyond the top of the pan rim. Place loaf pan on a baking pan and set aside.
In a medium bowl and using an electric beater, beat 2 eggs and 1 yolk with 2/3 cup granulated sugar until very thick and pale. In a large pan over medium heat, combine 2 cups milk, heavy cream, 1 1/2 tablespoons butter, 4 teaspoons vanilla, 1 1/4 teaspoons cinnamon, and nutmeg. Cook, stirring occasionally, just until bubbles form around edge of pan. Remove from heat. Gradually stir milk-cream mixture, a tablespoon at a time, into beaten eggs. Then, gradually return entire mixture to the pan.
Add bread, 1/2 cup cranberries, and pecans to milk-cream-egg mixture and gently stir to mix, making sure all bread is soaked. Transfer to prepared loaf pan and bake until set and a knife inserted into center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool. Remove from pan to cool completely. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, or up to 1 day.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl and using an electric beater, beat together 4 eggs, maple syrup, bourbon, and remaining vanilla. In a medium saucepan over medium heat, warm remaining milk just until bubbles form around edge of pan; cool slightly. Add bourbon mixture. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 5 minutes (do not allow mixture to boil). Strain into a bowl and stir to cool slightly. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, or up to 1 day.
In a medium pan, bring 3/4 cup water and remaining cranberries and sugar to a boil, stirring occasionally. Cook until berries just begin to pop. Let cool; then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, or up to 1 day.
Cut reserved bread pudding into 8 slices. Stir remaining eggs and cinnamon together in a pie plate. In a large skillet over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon butter. Working with 1 slice at a time, dip bread pudding into egg mixture. Cook, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining slices. To serve, spoon reserved bourbon custard on a platter. Place bread pudding slices on custard and top with reserved cranberry sauce. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ tsp. kosher salt
¼ tsp. kosher salt
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. vegetable shortening
2 tbsp. ice water
4 medium sweet potatoes
¾ c. whole milk
3 large eggs
1 tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ c. packed brown sugar
whipped cream
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Using your fingers or a pastry cutter, work the butter and shortening into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed (if necessary, add additional ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time).
Transfer the dough to a piece of plastic wrap and shape into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, roll a disk of dough into a 12-inch circle. Fit it into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Trim the dough so that the overhang is even all the way around (about 1/2 inch from the edge of the pie plate). Fold the overhang under itself to create a thicker rim of dough and crimp as desired. Refrigerate until ready to fill.
Prick the potatoes all over using a fork. Place on a microwave-safe plate and microwave on high for 6 minutes; turn each potato over and microwave until soft, about 6 minutes more. Let stand until cool enough to handle, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove the skin and mash until almost smooth (you should have 2 cups).
In a large bowl, whisk together the mashed sweet potatoes, milk and eggs until combined. Add the ginger, cinnamon, brown sugar, and remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar and 1/4 teaspoon salt and whisk until smooth.
Transfer the filling to the pie crust and bake until just set but still slightly wobbly in the center, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.


1  recipe Easy-as-Pie Dough or store bought pie dough
1 c. hulled and chopped strawberries
½ c. blueberries
½ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. honey
¾ c. Nutella
¾ c. marshmallow crème
1  egg
¼ c. heavy cream
1  egg white
1¼ c. powdered sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Sprinkles
2 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. cold unsalted butter
¼ c. cold cream cheese
2 tbsp. buttermilk
Combine fruit filling ingredients and 3 tablespoons water in a medium pot over medium heat; stir. Gently mash berries with the back of a wooden spoon and simmer, stirring frequently, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until filling has thickened. Let cool.
Cut chilled dough into 4 equal pieces. Roll 2 pieces into equal rectangles about 3- by- 8 inches. Fill a piping bag with Nutella and a second piping bag with marshmallow crème. Onto one of the rectangles, pipe rows of Nutella 1/2 inch apart. Pipe rows of marshmallow crème on top.
To make the egg wash, whisk together egg and heavy cream. Using a pastry brush, carefully brush egg wash onto dough between the rows of filling. Gently lay the second dough rectangle over top and press around each mound of filling. (Tip: This is the same method used for homemade ravioli.) Cut 1- by- 1 1/2-inch rectangles with a pizza cutter (you should have 12 tarts) and press the back of a fork along the edges to seal. Place tarts on one of the prepared sheets and brush lightly with cream. Cut 3 tiny slits in the top of each tart. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown. Place on wire racks to cool completely. Repeat the process with the remaining two slabs of dough and the cooled fruit filling to make 12 fruit-filled tarts.
For the icing, in a medium mixing bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer, beat egg white on medium-high speed for 2 minutes, or until light and frothy. Add powdered sugar, 1/4 cup at a time, until mixture is thick and smooth. Add vanilla and beat for 1 minute more. Spread icing onto pastries with an offset spatula or your fingers. Top with sprinkles.
For the pie dough, in a medium mixing bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Add butter and cream cheese and cut into dry ingredients with a pastry knife or your fingers until fine crumbles are formed. Add buttermilk and, using your hands, gently work mixture until dough just comes together. Form dough into a disk, wrap with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to use.


1½ c. sweet banana chips
1 c. dark or semisweet chocolate chips
24  mini waffles
1 c. Sweet Whipped cream or store bought whipped cream (see recipe below)
1 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
For the Fudge Puppies: Place banana chips into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until coarsely ground. (Tip: Alternatively, place chips in a plastic zip-top bag, seal it, and smash with a rolling pin.) Pour crushed chips into a small shallow bowl. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt chocolate chips in a double boiler over medium heat, stirring occasionally until smooth. (Tip: Be careful not to let even a drop of water get into melting chocolate or it will seize up and become unusable). Partially dip each waffle into the melted chocolate, gently shaking off excess, and then dredge in the crushed banana chips until well coated. Place on the prepared sheet and let chocolate set for about 30 minutes. Serve fudge puppies with fresh Sweet Whipped Cream on top or on the side.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Melt chocolate chips in a double boiler over medium heat, stirring occasionally until smooth. (Tip: Be careful not to let even a drop of water get into melting chocolate or it will seize up and become unusable). Partially dip each waffle into the melted chocolate, gently shaking off excess, and then dredge in the crushed banana chips until well coated. Place on the prepared sheet and let chocolate set for about 30 minutes. Serve fudge puppies with fresh Sweet Whipped Cream on top or on the side.
For the Sweet Whipped Cream: Place all ingredients in a medium mixing bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat for 4 to 5 minutes, or until roughly doubled in volume and stiff peaks form. (Check for stiff peaks by dipping a whisk or wooden spoon into the whipped cream and lifting it. Cream with stand up in stiff, slightly droopy peaks when whipped to perfection.)


1  unbaked pie crust
1 c. milk
1 can coconut milk
1 tbsp. coconut extract
1 c. sugar
1 c. water
½ c. cornstarch
.88 c. chocolate (Dutch chocolate, or any chocolate with high cocoa butter content)
1½ c. heavy cream
¼ c. sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Bake crust for 15 minutes, or until golden brown. Set aside to cool.
In a medium saucepan, whisk together milk, coconut milk, coconut extract, and 1 cup sugar.
In a separate bowl, dissolve the cornstarch in water.
After bringing coconut milk mixture to a boil, reduce to simmer and slowly whisk in the cornstarch mixture. Continue stirring over low heat until thickened—about three minutes. Divide evenly into two bowls.
In another bowl, microwave chocolate until melted.
Mix chocolate into one of the bowls of coconut pudding, then pour mixture into the pie crust, spread, and let sit.
Pour the remaining bowl of coconut pudding on top of the chocolate-coconut pudding mixture and spread smooth, being careful not to mix the two layers. Refrigerate the pie for an hour or more.
Whip the heavy cream with 1/4 cup of sugar until stiff. Layer the whipped cream on the pie surface. Garnish with chocolate shavings.



8  cream-filled chocolate cookies
Make
In each of 4 glasses, layer pudding and 2 chopped cream-filled chocolate cookies. Garnish with more cookies.



2 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. sugar
2  ripe pears
1 c. fresh raspberries
Make
While it chills, melt butter in a large nonstick skillet. Sprinkle in sugar and cook until foamy. Add pears and cook over medium-high heat, gently stirring, until lightly browned, 5 minutes.
Remove pears from heat and stir in fresh raspberries; cool. Layer pudding with pears and raspberries in
each of 4 glasses.



2 tbsp. bourbon
1½ c. heavy cream
3 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
1½ tbsp. bourbon
toasted pecans
Make
While it chills, whip heavy cream, confectioners' sugar, and remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons bourbon until soft peaks form.
Alternate layers of pudding and whipped cream in each of 4 glasses. Top with whipped cream and toasted pecans.



8 oz. cranberries
½ c. sugar
½ c. water
½ tsp. lemon zest
1 tsp. lemon juice
Make
While pudding chills, bring cranberries, sugar, and water to a boil in a saucepan (reserve 12 cranberries for garnish). Boil until cranberries burst and liquid reduces, 5 minutes.
Toss reserved cranberries in sugar to coat. Remove sauce from heat and stir in lemon zest and
lemon juice; cool until thickened.
Layer pudding and cranberry sauce in each of 4 glasses. Garnish with sugared cranberries and lemon peel.



½ c. marshmallow creme
2 tsp. water
3 whole graham crackers
2 tbsp. mini marshmallows
Make
While pudding chills, combine 1/2 cup marshmallow creme and 2 teaspoons water. Crumble 3 whole graham crackers.
Layer 1/2 cup pudding in each of 4 glasses. Top with 2 tablespoons marshmallow mixture, 2 tablespoons graham crackers, another 1/2 cup pudding, 1 more tablespoon graham crackers, and mini marshmallows. If you have a kitchen torch, lightly brown marshmallows.





Layer dark, white, and milk chocolate puddings (see recipes) in each of 4 glasses. Top with mixed chocolate shavings.


3 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
½ tsp. salt
2½ c. whole milk
1½ c. heavy cream
2 bar white chocolate
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
In a saucepan, whisk sugar, cornstarch, and salt to combine. Slowly whisk in milk and cream.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, whisking constantly. Reduce heat to medium and continue cooking until mixture thickens, 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove saucepan from heat and add white chocolate, butter, and vanilla. Whisk until white chocolate melts and mixture is blended.
Scrape pudding into a bowl and press plastic wrap over the surface. Refrigerate until chilled.


3 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
3 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. salt
2½ c. whole milk
1½ c. heavy cream
2 bar milk chocolate
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
In a saucepan, whisk sugar, cornstarch, cocoa powder, and salt to combine. Slowly whisk in milk and cream.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, whisking constantly. Reduce heat to medium and continue cooking until mixture thickens, 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove saucepan from heat and add chocolate, butter, and vanilla. Whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is blended.
Scrape pudding into a bowl and press plastic wrap over the surface. Refrigerate until chilled.


6 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. salt
2½ c. whole milk
1½ c. heavy cream
2 bar bittersweet chocolate
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
In a saucepan, whisk sugar, cornstarch, cocoa powder, and salt to combine. Slowly whisk in milk and cream.
Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, whisking constantly. Reduce heat to medium and continue cooking until mixture thickens, 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove saucepan from heat and add chocolate, butter, and vanilla. Whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is blended.
Scrape pudding into a bowl and press plastic wrap over the surface. Refrigerate until chilled.


12 oz. bittersweet premium chocolate
¾ c. heavy cream
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Assorted coatings: shredded coconut, cocoa powder, finely chopped nuts, such as hazelnuts or pistachios
In a microwave-safe bowl, heat chocolate, cream, and butter in microwave on high for 1 minute. Remove from oven; stir. Heat 1 minute longer or until chocolate is almost melted. Remove from oven; stir until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is smooth. Stir in vanilla. Refrigerate until mixture is firm, about 1 hour.
Spread your coatings of choice on flat plates. Using a melon baller, scoop chocolate into 24 equal balls. Roll balls in coatings. Place each truffle on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Chill at least 30 minutes before serving. Store in an airtight container up to 1 week or freeze up to 1 month.


½ c. shelled unsalted pistachio nuts
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. cold unsalted butter
2 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1 large egg yolk
2 tbsp. cold water
1 can pumpkin purée
¾ c. packed brown sugar
¾ c. heavy cream
3 large eggs
2 tsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. almond extract
Pistachio brittle (recipe follows)
Pistachio gelato
1 c. sugar
¼ c. water
.67 c. shelled unsalted pistachios
Tart shell:
Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Line tart shell with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Place tart pan on a baking sheet. Bake 15 minutes. Remove parchment and weights from shell. Bake shell 8 minutes longer, until golden. Cool completely on a wire rack. Raise oven temp to 350 degrees F.
Filling:
To make pistachio brittle:
Add pistachios to caramel; stir to completely coat nuts and cook until caramel deepens to an amber color. Quickly pour onto prepared baking sheet and spread into an even layer with a rubber spatula.
Cool 30 minutes, until hard. Break brittle into small pieces before serving. (Can be made 1 week ahead; store in an airtight container at room temperature.)


Cooking spray
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
1¼ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
2 large eggs
1 c. lemon yogurt (like Dannon All Natural)
¾ c. granulated sugar
½ c. canola oil
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tsp. grated lemon zest
1 tbsp. poppy seeds
¾ c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8 1/2-inch by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan with cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the
eggs, yogurt, sugar, oil and vanilla.
Gradually add the flour mixture into the egg mixture, stirring until just incorporated. Add 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest and 1 tablespoon poppy seeds to the egg mixture.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake until golden brown and a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean, 55 to 65 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack.
While the bread bakes, in a small bowl, combine confectioners' sugar and fresh lemon juice. While the bread is still warm on the cooling rack, spoon the glaze over the top.


1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. grated fresh ginger
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. sugar
½ c. cold unsalted butter
1 c. old-fashioned rolled oats
½ c. roughly chopped roasted almonds
4 c. fresh or frozen cranberries
2  pears
2 tsp. grated orange zest
1 tbsp. fresh orange juice
2 tbsp. cornstarch
vanilla ice cream
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse the flour, ginger, salt, and 1/4 cup sugar until combined. Add the butter and pulse just until the mixture forms large clumps. Transfer to a medium bowl and gently toss with the oats and almonds; refrigerate until ready to use.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, toss the cranberries, pears, orange zest, and juice. Add the cornstarch and remaining 3/4 cup sugar and toss to combine. Transfer the cranberry mixture to a 10-inch shallow fluted baking dish, then top with the crumb mixture.
Place the crumble on a foil-lined baking sheet and bake until bubbling and the top is golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve with ice cream, if desired.


Cooking spray
2 c. all-purpose flour
1¼ tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. kosher salt
2 large eggs
¾ c. sour cream
¾ c. packed dark brown sugar
½ c. canola oil
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1½ c. shredded carrots
½ c. raisins
confectioners' sugar
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8 1/2-inch by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan with cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, sour cream, brown sugar, oil, and vanilla.
Gradually add the flour mixture into the egg mixture, stirring until just incorporated. Fold in shredded carrots and raisins to the batter.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake until golden brown and a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean, 55 to 65 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. Dust with confectioners' sugar.


Cooking spray
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
1¼ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. kosher salt
2 large eggs
1 c. sour cream
¾ c. granulated sugar
½ c. canola oil
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. chopped walnuts
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8 1/2-inch by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan with cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, sour cream, sugar, oil, and vanilla.
Gradually add the flour mixture into the egg mixture, stirring until just incorporated. Fold in the nuts.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and bake until golden brown and a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean, 55 to 65 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.


Cooking spray
2 c. flour
1 c. sliced almonds
1¼ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
2 large eggs
1 c. sour cream
¾ c. sugar
½ c. canola oil
½ tsp. pure almond extract
1 c. chopped cranberries
2 tbsp. sliced almonds
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8 1/2-inch by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan with cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, sour cream, sugar, oil, and almond extract.
Gradually add the flour mixture into the egg mixture, stirring until just incorporated. Fold in the cranberries and 1 cup almonds.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons almonds. Bake until golden brown and a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean, 55 to 65 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.


1⅓ c. vanilla wafer crumbs
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
¾ tsp. kosher salt
1 envelope unflavored gelatin
½ c. sugar
⅓ c. sugar
4 large eggs
½ c. orange juice
⅓ c. fresh lemon juice
½ tsp. grated lemon zest
1 tsp. grated orange zest
Heat oven to 325 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine the wafer crumbs, butter, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Press the mixture into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake until the edges of the crust are beginning to brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
In a medium saucepan, combine the gelatin, 1/2 cup sugar, and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt. In a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, orange and lemon juices, and 1/4 cup water.
Stir the egg yolk mixture into the gelatin mixture and bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl, cover and refrigerate until partially set, about 1 hour.
When the gelatin has partially set, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until incorporated. Continue to beat until stiff, glossy peaks form, about 3 minutes. Stir a little of the egg whites into the gelatin mixture until combined. Gently fold the lemon and orange zest and the remaining whites into the gelatin mixture until no white streaks remain. Spoon into the prepared pie crust. Refrigerate until set, at least 4 hours.


½  recipe
½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light brown sugar
⅓ c. all-purpose flour
2 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. instant coffee granules
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. pecans
whipped cream
In a large bowl, whisk together 1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Using your fingers or a pastry cutter, work the chopped butter and shortening into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed (if necessary, add additional ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time).
Transfer the dough to a piece of plastic wrap and shape into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, roll a disk of dough into a 12-inch circle. Fit it into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Trim the dough so that the overhang is even all the way around (about 1/2 inch from the edge of the pie plate). Fold the overhang under itself to create a thicker rim of dough and crimp as desired. Refrigerate until ready to fill.
Melt the 1/2 cup butter. Place the chocolate in a large bowl and pour the warm butter on top; stir until smooth. Add the brown sugar, eggs, vanilla, coffee and remaining 1/3 cup flour, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt and mix to combine. Stir in the pecans.
Pour the chocolate mixture into the pie crust and bake until the filling is set and the crust is golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Let stand for at least 1 hour before serving. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.


2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. kosher salt
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
6 tbsp. vegetable shortening
4 tbsp. ice water
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, and salt. Using your fingers or a pastry cutter, work the butter and shortening into the flour until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle with 4 tablespoons ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed (if necessary, add additional ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time).
Divide the dough in half. Transfer each piece to a piece of plastic wrap and shape into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.


1¼ c. graham cracker crumbs
8 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. kosher salt
11 tbsp. unsalted butter
¾ c. packed brown sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 c. whole milk
3 large eggs
¼ tsp. cream of tartar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine the cracker crumbs, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Melt 5 tablespoons butter and stir into the crumb mixture. Press the mixture into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Bake until the edges of the crust are beginning to brown, 8 to 10 minutes.
Melt the remaining 6 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Once melted, swirl the pan until the butter begins to brown and smell nutty, 2 to 3 minutes more; remove from heat.
In a large bowl, combine the brown sugar, flour, cornstarch, and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Stir in the browned butter, milk, and egg yolks until fully incorporated. Place the large bowl over (but not in) a saucepan of simmering water and cook, whisking, until the mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon, about 8 minutes. Pour the pudding mixture into the prepared crust. Lay a piece of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the filling (this will prevent a skin from forming). Refrigerate until the meringue is ready.
Using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar until frothy. Add the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and continue beating until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining 6 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until incorporated. Continue to beat until stiff, glossy peaks form, about 4 minutes. Beat in the vanilla.
Remove the plastic from the pudding. Spoon some of the meringue onto the edge of the pudding, spreading it right to the crust to create a seal. Spoon the rest of the meringue into the center and, using the back of a spoon, spread to cover the entire top.
Bake until the meringue is golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Let stand for at least 1 hour before serving.


⅓ c. finely ground cornmeal
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¼ c. granulated sugar
4 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. unsalted butter
6 tbsp. vegetable shortening
4 oz. white Cheddar
2 large egg yolks
¼ c. ice water
5  tart baking apples
¼ c. packed brown sugar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. freshly grated or ground nutmeg
In a food processor, combine the cornmeal, 2 cups flour, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, and salt. Add the butter and shortening and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the Cheddar and pulse until just combined (the mixture will not come together yet). Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl.
In a small bowl, beat the egg yolks and 1/4 cup ice water. Add to the flour mixture and stir with a fork until the dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed (if necessary, add additional water, 1 teaspoon at a time). Divide the dough in half, transfer each piece to a piece of plastic wrap and shape into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 2 days.
Heat oven to 425 degrees F. In a large bowl, toss the apples with the brown sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon, nutmeg, remaining 2 tablespoons flour, and 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and toss to combine.
On a lightly floured surface, roll a disk of dough into a 12-inch circle. Fit it into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate. Trim the dough so that the overhang is even all the way around (about 1/2 inch from the edge of the pie plate). Spoon the apple mixture into the prepared crust.
Roll out the remaining disk of dough to a 12-inch circle. Lay the dough over the filling. Trim the edge of the dough, leaving a 1-inch overhang. Fold the top crust under the bottom crust to create a thicker crust to seal; crimp as desired. Using a sharp knife, cut 5 vents in the top crust. Alternatively, cut leaves from the dough scraps, arrange on the top of the crust and cut vents in between.
Place the pie on a baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 375 degrees F and bake until the crust is golden brown, 50 to 55 minutes. (If the crust begins to brown too quickly, loosely cover with foil.) Transfer the pie to a wire rack and let it cool to room temperature before serving.


1  refrigerated ready-to-use pie crust
¾ c. sugar
⅓ c. cornstarch
1 tsp. salt
4 c. whole milk
4 large egg yolks
¾ c. peanut butter
3 tbsp. butter
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
Freshly whipped sweetened heavy cream
Chopped peanuts
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Place pie crust in 9-inch pie plate; bake as label directs for one-crust pie shell.
In 4-quart saucepan, stir together sugar, cornstarch, and salt. In large bowl, whisk milk and egg yolks until blended; gradually whisk into sugar mixture. Heat on medium 6 to 7 minutes or until mixture thickens and boils, stirring constantly. Boil 1 minute, stirring. Remove from heat; stir in peanut butter, butter, and vanilla until well blended.
Immediately pour peanut butter mixture into baked pie shell; press plastic wrap onto surface of filling. Refrigerate pie at least 4 hours or until well chilled and set.
To serve, top with whipped cream and garnish with chopped peanuts.


¾ c. butter (no substitutions)
¼ c. sugar
.13 tsp. salt
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat butter, sugar, and salt until pale yellow and well blended, occasionally scraping bowl with rubber spatula.
With mixer on medium-low speed, beat in egg, then vanilla, until well incorporated, scraping side of bowl.
With mixer on low speed, gradually beat in flour. Beat just until incorporated and dough forms large clumps. Divide dough in half and form each half into a 1-inch-thick disk. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or until firm. (Dough can be refrigerated up to 1 day or frozen up to 3 months.)
With hands and fingers, press dough into even layer against bottom and up side of 9-inch pie plate or tart pan with removable bottom. Freeze 10 minutes or until firm. (Dough in pan can be covered tightly with plastic wrap and frozen up to 1 month.)


1  lemon
2 c. fresh or frozen cranberries
2¼ c. granulated sugar
.13 tsp. ground cinnamon
3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1 c. butter (no substitutions)
1 package cream cheese
6 large eggs
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ tsp. almond extract
1 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tbsp. water
sliced almonds
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. From lemon, grate 1/4 teaspoon peel and squeeze 2 teaspoons juice; set aside separately.
In 2-quart saucepan, combine 1 cup cranberries, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, grated lemon peel, and cinnamon. Cook on medium-low 10 minutes or until some cranberries burst, stirring frequently. Cool completely. Stir in remaining cup cranberries. (Can be prepared up to 3 days ahead; cover and refrigerate.)
Meanwhile, grease 12-cup Bundt pan; dust lightly with flour. In large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
With mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and cream cheese until fluffy and smooth. With mixer running, add 2 cups granulated sugar, 1/2 cup at a time. Beat 1 minute longer. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating in between additions, scraping bowl occasionally. Beat in 1 tablespoon vanilla extract and 1 teaspoon almond extract. Reduce mixer speed to low. Add flour mixture. Beat until just combined.
Spoon three-quarters of batter into prepared pan. Spread cooled cranberry mixture in even layer over batter. Top with remaining batter. Bake 55 minutes to 1 hour 10 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. Invert onto rack; remove pan. Cool completely. Cake can be wrapped tightly in plastic wrap and kept at room temperature up to 1 day.
To serve, in medium bowl, whisk together confectioners' sugar, reserved lemon juice, water, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract and 1/4 teaspoon almond extract until smooth; drizzle over cake. Garnish with almonds, if desired.


1
1 tsp. unflavored gelatin
4 tbsp. cold water
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. butter (no substitutions)
½ c. sour cream
1¾ c. heavy cream
¼ tsp. salt
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
currants
candied orange peel
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Bake crust 20 minutes or until golden brown. If crust puffs up, very gently push down bubbles with spoon without cracking crust. Cool crust completely on wire rack.
In small bowl, sprinkle gelatin over 2 tablespoons water. Let stand at least 5 minutes to soften.
In 4-quart saucepan, combine corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, and remaining 2 tablespoons water. Heat to boiling on medium-high, stirring to dissolve sugar. Cook without stirring until mixture is amber, swirling pan occasionally; remove from heat.
Carefully whisk in butter, a few pieces at a time, until incorporated. (Mixture will bubble up.) Whisk in sour cream, then 1/4 cup heavy cream, until well blended. Add salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, and softened gelatin. Whisk until gelatin dissolves and mixture is very smooth. Transfer to bowl and cool to room temperature.
Whisk remaining 1 1/2 cups heavy cream with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar until soft peaks form. Whisk in remaining 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Gently fold half of whipped cream (1 1/2 cups) into cooled caramel mixture. Spread caramel in even layer in cooled crust. Refrigerate at least 6 hours or up to 1 day to set. Cover and refrigerate remaining whipped cream.
To serve, top tart with remaining whipped cream and garnish with currants and orange peel.



1½ c. walnuts
½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. sugar
¼ tsp. nutmeg
.13 tsp. salt
3 tbsp. cold unsalted butter or margarine
4 tbsp. butter or margarine
3 lb. Golden Delicious apples
¼ c. sugar
.13 tsp. salt
1  lemon
2 tbsp. honey
1 tsp. chopped fresh thyme leaves
¼ tsp. nutmeg
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Bake crust 20 minutes or until golden brown. If crust puffs up, very gently push down bubbles with spoon without cracking crust. Cool on wire rack.
Meanwhile, prepare Walnut Crumbs:
Prepare Apple Filling:
While apples cook, finely grate 1/2 teaspoon lemon peel and squeeze 1 tablespoon juice. In small bowl, stir together honey, thyme, nutmeg, and lemon peel and juice. Stir into cooked apples, then pour apple mixture into baked crust, spreading in even layer. Sprinkle walnut crumbs on top in even layer and gently press into apples.
Bake 50 minutes to 1 hour or until crumbs are golden brown and apple mixture is bubbling, covering edges of pie crust if browning too quickly. Cool completely on wire rack.





8 oz. semisweet chocolate
Using a 1 1/2-inch cookie cutter, cut out circles from cake. Brush off any crumbs with a pastry brush.
Fit a pastry bag with a plastic coupler, and top cake rounds with icing in a ghost or hat shape,about 1 inch high.
Place a wire rack over a rimmed baking sheet; set aside. Set an iced cake round on a fork; hold over bowl of glaze. Using a large spoon, drizzle glaze evenly over cake and icing until completely covered. Transfer to wire rack. Repeat with remaining rounds. Let set, about 5 minutes.
Place chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water; stir chocolate until melted. Transfer to a disposable pastry bag or resealable plastic bag; snip off tip with scissors. Pipe eyes and a mouth onto ghosts.


2½ c. sifted confectioners' sugar
½ c. unsalted butter
5 tbsp. milk
Place sugar in a medium bowl, and set aside. In a small saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Immediately pour the melted butter into the bowl with the sugar. Add the milk, and whisk until mixture is smooth. Cover bowl, and store at room temperature until ready to use.


1½ c. unsalted butter
3 lb. confectioners' sugar
¾ tsp. salt
3 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
¾ c. milk
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat together the butter and sugar until well combined. Add salt, vanilla, and milk; beat until icing is smooth and creamy. The icing should be thick enough to pipe and hold its shape. If icing seems too thick, add 1 tablespoon milk at a time until proper consistency is reached. Use immediately, or refrigerate in an airtight container up to 2 days. If refrigerating, bring icing to room temperature before using, and lightly beat until creamy if necessary.


1 c. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
4½ c. sifted cake flour (not self-rising)
2 tbsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
1½ c. milk
1½ tbsp. pure vanilla extract
2¼ c. sugar
7 large egg whites
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 12-by-17-by-1-inch rimmed baking sheet. Line bottom with parchment paper. Butter parchment, and dust with flour, tapping off any excess. Set sheet aside.
Into a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt; set aside. In a measuring cup, combine milk and vanilla; set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter until very smooth. With mixer on medium speed, add sugar in a slow, steady stream; beat until mixture is light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.
Reduce speed to low. Add reserved flour mixture in three batches, alternating with reserved milk mixture, and starting and ending with flour. Mix until just combined; do not overmix. Set aside.
In a clean bowl, beat egg whites until stiff but do not let dry peaks form. Fold one-third of the egg whites into batter to lighten, then gently fold in remaining whites in two batches.
Scrape batter into prepared sheet; smooth top with an offset spatula. Bake in oven until cake is springy to the touch and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool 15 minutes. Loosen sides of cake with a small metal spatula or paring knife; invert onto a buttered wire rack. Peel off parchment. To prevent splitting, reinvert cake so top is facing up. Let cake cool completely.


2  black licorice caramels
2  sprinkled berry candies
4  sunflower seeds (in the shell)
2  Black licorice laces
Roll each caramel into a 3-inch-long oblong shape for the bodies. The sprinkled berry candies will serve as the heads.
Using a craft knife, scrape a few nonpareils off bottom of each berry candy, then stick bottom of 1 onto each caramel, pressing gently. Scrape some nonpareils from 2 sides of top of each berry candy for the ears, and insert 1 sunflower seed into each side, pointy end out.
Insert 1 licorice-lace tail into bottom of each caramel. (Cats will keep at room temperature for up to 1 week.)


5  dozen large marshmallows
Black sprinkles for the face
2 tbsp. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
2 tbsp. boiling water
1½ tsp. boiling water
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
2 tbsp. cake flour (not self-rising)
7 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
7 tbsp. unsalted butter
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate (preferably 61 percent)
1 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
Make the marshmallow skulls:
Make the madeleines:
Whisk cocoa powder and water in a medium bowl until smooth. Let cool slightly, then whisk in egg, yolk, and vanilla until incorporated.
Beat flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt with a mixer on low speed until combined. Raise speed to medium, and add butter and 1/2 the cocoa mixture. Beat for 2 minutes, then scrape sides of bowl. Beat in remaining cocoa mixture on medium speed until completely combined, scraping sides of bowl as needed.
Transfer batter to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/4-inch round tip, and pipe into buttered pans, filling each 3/4 full. (Refrigerate batter between batches.) Bake, rotating halfway, until testers inserted in centers come out clean and madeleines spring back when pressed, 8 to 10 minutes. Unmold onto wire racks, and let cool.
Make the glaze:
Set racks with madeleines over parchment-lined baking sheets. Spoon some of the glaze over each madeleine to coat. Transfer to clean parchment-lined baking sheets. Refrigerate until glaze is firm, 15 to 20 minutes. Push sticky side of marshmallow skulls into madeleines, and serve immediately.


unsalted butter
all-purpose flour


18 large marshmallows
72 oz. White fondant
cornstarch
24  chocolate-candy-coated sunflower seeds

Preheat oven to 350. Line 12 cups of a jumbo-muffin tin (each 1-cup capacity) with extra-large cupcake liners. Butter and flour 12 cups of a mini-muffin tin, and tap out excess flour.
Divide batter among muffin tins, filling each cup 1/2 full. Bake, rotating tins halfway through, until testers inserted in centers come out clean, 8 to 9 minutes for mini cupcakes, and 40 to 45 minutes for large cupcakes. Let cool in pans on wire racks. (Cupcakes can be wrapped in plastic, and frozen for up to 1 month; thaw at room temperature before frosting.)
Remove cupcake liners from large cupcakes, trim tops of each cupcake to create a flat surface, and reserve tops for another use. Flip cupcakes over. Spread 1 teaspoon frosting on top of each cupcake. Arrange 3 marshmallow halves on top of each, cut sides down, pressing them into frosting. Spread 1 teaspoon frosting over each marshmallow trio.
Trim tops of each mini cupcake to create a flat surface, and reserve tops for another use. Press 1 mini cupcake, cut side down, onto frosting-topped marshmallows.
Spread 1/4 cup frosting over each cupcake stack to create a crumb coat, leaving a 1/4-inch unfrosted rim around bottom. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Divide fondant into 12 equal pieces. On a surface lightly dusted with cornstarch, roll a piece of fondant into a 1/4-inch-thick, 10-inch-wide circle. Center fondant over top of 1 frosted cupcake, smoothing downward and creating ruffles around the bottom. Press candy-coated seeds into soft fondant for eyes, remove, dot with royal icing to secure if desired, and then press seeds into icing. Repeat with remaining fondant, cupcakes, and seeds. Let fondant harden slightly at room temperature before serving.


2 c. confectioners' sugar
2½ tbsp. meringue powder
¼ c. water
Beat sugar, meringue powder and water with a mixer on low speed until fluffy but dense, 7 to 8 minutes.
Make the fleurs-de-lis: Tape 12 templates to a flat surface, cover with waxed paper, and tape paper to surface. Fill a pastry bag fitted with the smallest plain round tip with royal icing. Pipe icing into center of fleur-de-lis template. Using a toothpick, pull icing to edges of template. Let dry until completely hardened. Remove from waxed paper before using; use within 1 day. Reserve remaining royal icing for another use.


2¼ c. cups confectioners' sugar
¼ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
6 oz. cream cheese
3 oz. unsalted butter
¾ c. sour cream
9 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Beat cream cheese and butter with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes.
Reduce speed to low, and slowly add sugar mixture until incorporated. Beat in sour cream, scrape bowl, then beat in melted chocolate. Beat mixture on medium speed until glossy and smooth. Use immediately (or cover, and refrigerate for up to 3 days; beat with a spatula before using).


¾ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
3 tbsp. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
½ c. boiling water
2 tbsp. boiling water
3¾ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1¼ tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. Coarse salt
15 oz. unsalted butter
2¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
5 large eggs
1¼ c. whole milk
Mix cocoa powder and boiling water in a bowl until smooth. Let cool.
Sift flour, baking soda, and salt into a large bowl. Beat butter and sugar with a mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Beat in vanilla. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping bowl as needed.
Pour milk into cocoa mixture in a slow, steady stream, whisking until smooth. With mixer on low speed, add flour mixture to butter mixture in 3 additions, alternating with cocoa-milk mixture, starting and ending with flour mixture. Use immediately.


unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
1 stick Black licorice
Lightly butter two large sheets of parchment paper; set aside. Prepare a large ice water bath; set aside.
Pour 3 tablespoons water into a medium heavy-bottom saucepan. Add sugar. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar is dissolved and syrup is clear. Continue to cook, without stirring, until syrup comes to a boil, washing down sides of pan with a wet pastry brush two or three times to prevent crystals from forming. Let syrup boil, gently swirling pan occasionally, until syrup is medium amber.
Immediately remove from heat; set pan into ice-water bath to stop the cooking.
Working quickly, drizzle caramel with a spoon onto buttered parchment paper, forming cobwebs. If the syrup is thin and runs too quickly, let it cool a bit longer. Alternatively, if the syrup is thick and slow to drizzle, reheat it gently. Garnish with small licorice spiders if desired.
To make the licorice spiders, cut licorice into twelve 1/2-inch pieces; split horizontally. On each end, cut out two triangles, forming an M. On each side, cut out one triangle from middle. Use caramel to stick to webs. Let stand until hardened and cooled.


2 c. heavy cream
16 oz. cream cheese
.67 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. lemon juice
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. salt
½ c. blood orange juice or pulp-free orange juice
1 tsp. unflavored gelatin
2 tsp. sugar
1 small blood orange
In a medium bowl, whisk the heavy cream until stiff peaks form, then cover and refrigerate. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until combined. Add the lemon juice, vanilla, and salt and continue to beat until light and fluffy. Using a rubber spatula, fold in 1/3 of the whipped cream. Fold in the remaining whipped cream, making sure to incorporate air into the mixture as you fold. Fill a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag fitted with a large round tip (Wilton Round Tip #1a) with the mousse and pipe an equal amount into each of six ramekins. Cover with plastic wrap and chill at least 1 hour.
Meanwhile, prepare the gelée. Pour half of the orange juice into a small bowl. Sprinkle the powdered gelatin over it and let sit for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. In the meantime, combine the remaining juice and the sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the gelatin mixture to it and stir with a rubber spatula until completely dissolved. Remove from the heat.
Place a blood orange slice on each chilled mousse. After you have placed the orange slices on the chilled mousse, pour the gelée mixture to the rim of the ramekin. Note that the gelée mixture shouldn't be boiling when you pour it on top, but you shouldn't cool it completely or it will set before you pour it.
Chill for at least 1 or 2 hours before serving, or cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 to 3 days. When ready to serve, embellish ramekins with rickrack, arrange on a rectangular tray lined with white sanding sugar, and place on the table.


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
Yolk from 1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 jar seedless raspberry jam or preserves (1 cup)
⅓ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. sugar
¼ c. cold unsalted butter
½ c. roasted salted peanuts
½ c. peanut butter chips
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 13- by 9-inch baking pan with foil, extending foil 2 inches beyond pan at both ends. In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking powder, and salt.
Beat butter and remaining mixture of ingredients with the paddle attachment of a mixer on medium speed until soft and creamy, about 2 minutes. On low speed, beat in flour mixture, scraping sides of the bowl until dough comes together. Drop small clumps of dough evenly into prepared ban. With floured fingers, press dough into even layer.
Bake 20 minutes or until surface is golden and set. Remove crust, keeping the oven on.
Spread jam evenly over warm crust. In a bowl, whisk flour and sugar until blended, then add in butter until moist crumbs form. Add peanuts and chips and rub in until incorporated. Crumble mixture over jam later.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until crumb topping is golden. Cool completely in pan on wire rack.
Lift ends of foil to transfer to a cutting board. Cut lengthwise into 6 equal strips, about 1 1/2 inches wide. Cut each strip into 6 bars.


1⅓ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
Yolk from 1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 bag bittersweet or dark chocolate chips
1½ c. heavy cream
⅓ c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
.67 c. English toffee bits
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 13- by 9-inch baking pan with foil, extending foil 2 inches beyond both ends. In a medium bowl, whisk flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt.
Beat butter and remaining mixture of ingredients with the paddle attachment of a mixer on medium speed until soft and creamy, about 2 minutes. On low speed, beat in flour mixture, scraping sides of the bowl until dough comes together. Drop small clumps of dough evenly into prepared pan. With floured fingers, press dough into even layer.
Bake 20 minutes or until surface is dry and set. Remove crust, keeping the oven on.
Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.
Place chocolate chips in a large bowl. Heat cream in a small saucepan until simmering, then pour over chips; stir until melted. Whisk in sugar, eggs, and vanilla until blended. Pour over warm crust.
Bake 30 minutes or until edges have risen slightly higher than center and center is just set. Transfer pan to a wire rack and sprinkle toffee bits evenly over top. Cool 15 minutes, then refrigerate, uncovered, until cold and firm, about 2 hours.
Lift ends of foil to transfer to a cutting board. Cut lengthwise into 6 equal strips, about 1 1/2 inches wide. Cut each strip into 6 bars.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. yellow cornmeal
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. unsalted butter
½ tsp. grated lime zest
½ c. granulated sugar
Yolk from 1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 large eggs
1⅓ c. granulated sugar
1½ tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. grated lemon zest
½ tsp. grated lime zest
¼ tsp. salt
⅓ c. lime juice
⅓ c. lemon juice
⅓ c. milk
2 tbsp. melted unsalted butter
confectioners' sugar
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 13- by 9-inch baking pan with foil, extending foil 2 inches beyond pan at both ends. In a medium bowl, whisk flour, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt.
Beat butter and remaining mixture of ingredients with the paddle attachment of a mixer on medium speed until soft and creamy, about 2 minutes. On low speed, beat in flour mixture, scraping sides of the bowl until dough comes together. Drop small clumps of dough evenly into prepared ban. With floured fingers, press dough into even layer.
Bake 20 minutes or until surface is golden and set. Remove crust, keeping the oven on.
Whisk eggs, sugar, flour, lemon zest, lime zest, and salt in a medium bowl until blended, then stir in lemon juice, lime juice, milk, and butter. Pour over warm crust.
Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until topping is set and feels slightly firm to the touch. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Lift ends of foil to transfer to a cutting board. Cut lengthwise into 6 equal strips, about 1 1/2 inches wide. Cut each strip into 6 bars. Dust lightly with confectioners' sugar.


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. unsalted butter
½ tsp. grated orange zest
½ c. granulated sugar
Yolk from 1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 package light cream cheese
½ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
⅓ c. light sour cream
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 can jellied cranberry sauce
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 13- by 9-inch baking pan with foil, extending foil 2 inches beyond pan at both ends. In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking powder, and salt.
Beat butter and remaining mixture of ingredients with the paddle attachment of a mixer on medium speed until soft and creamy, about 2 minutes. On low speed, beat in flour mixture, scraping sides of the bowl until dough comes together. Drop small clumps of dough evenly into prepared pan. With floured fingers, press dough into even layer.
Bake 20 minutes or until surface is golden and set. Remove crust, keeping the oven on.
Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F.
Use the paddle attachment of a mixer on medium speed to beat cream cheese and sugar until creamy and smooth. On low speed, beat in eggs, then sour cream, flour, and vanilla until blended and smooth.
Whisk cranberry sauce in a small bowl until smooth. Stir in 3 tablespoons of the cheesecake batter until blended. Pour the remaining white batter over the warm crust, then spoon small dollops of the cranberry batter over the white batter and drag a small spatula across the surface until it looks marbled.
Bake 36 minutes or until surface looks dry and is set. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Refrigerate at least 2 hours or until firm and cold.
Lift ends of foil to transfer to a cutting board. Cut lengthwise into 6 equal strips, about 1 1/2 inches wide. Cut each strip into 6 bars.


1⅓ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
Yolk from 1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ c. sweetened condensed milk
3 large eggs
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
1½ c. coarsely chopped roasted salted cashews
1½ c. sweetened flaked coconut
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 13- by 9-inch baking pan with foil, extending foil 2 inches beyond pan at both ends. In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking powder, salt, and cocoa powder.
Beat butter and remaining ingredients with the paddle attachment of a mixer on medium speed until soft and creamy, about 2 minutes. On low speed, beat in flour mixture, scraping down the sides of the bowl until dough comes together. Drop small clumps of dough evenly into prepared pan. With floured fingers, press dough into an even layer.
Bake 20 minutes or until surface is dry and set. Remove crust, keeping the oven on.
Whisk condensed milk, eggs, flour, and salt in a mixing bowl until smooth. Stir in cashews, 3/4 cup of the coconut, and 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips; spread evenly over warm crust. Sprinkle the remaining coconut and chocolate chips on top.
Bake 24 minutes or until golden around the edges and just barely baked through in the center. Cool completely in a pan on a wire rack.
Lift ends of foil to transfer to a cutting board. Cut lengthwise into 6 equal strips, about 1and 1/2 inches wide. cut each strip into 6 bars.


3 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
4½ tsp. brown sugar
3 tbsp. Crushed Pretzels
3  apples
Blend butter and flour with brown sugar. Stir in pretzels. Scatter over apple halves. Bake at 375 degrees F until apples are soft and topping is crisp, 35 to 40 minutes.


6 c. finely diced mixed dried fruit
1½ c. chopped walnuts
1¾ c. brandy
½ c. unsalted butter
¾ c. packed light-brown sugar
3 large eggs
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. Coarse salt
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground cardamom
¼ tsp. ground cloves
½ c. apricot jam
In a large nonreactive bowl, combine dried fruit, walnuts, and 1 1/4 cups brandy. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand 8 hours (or up to 1 day), stirring occasionally.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs in 2 additions, scraping down bowl in between. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, salt, and spices. Reduce speed to low and beat in flour mixture in 2 additions, scraping down bowl in between. Fold fruit mixture into batter.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F, with racks in upper and lower thirds. Line two mini muffin pans with paper liners. Fill each liner with 1 rounded tablespoon batter. Firmly tap pans on counter to settle batter. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center of a cake comes out clean and edges are light golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes, rotating pans halfway through.
Brush cakes with 1/2 cup brandy; transfer cakes to a wire rack to cool completely. Brush with apricot jam before serving or packing.


5 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
14 oz. semisweet chocolate
2 tbsp. sugar
2 large eggs
¼ tsp. salt
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Generously butter a standard 6-cup muffin tin. Dust with flour, tapping out excess; set aside.
Put chocolate, butter, and 1 tablespoon sugar in a medium heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water; whisk occasionally until smooth. Remove from heat, and let stand until cool and thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Process eggs and remaining tablespoon sugar in a food processor until pale and doubled in volume, about 2 minutes. Sift flour and salt into egg mixture; pulse to combine. Add chocolate mixture 1/4 cup at a time; pulse each addition until combined, about 10 times. (Batter will be thick.)
Spoon mixture into the prepared muffin tin, filling cups three-quarters full; swirl tops with back of spoon. Bake until tops are springy to the touch, 18 to 20 minutes. Immediately turn out onto wire racks; reinvert, and let cool.


½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
¾ tsp. baking powder
.13 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. salt
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
⅓ c. sugar
¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. whole milk
1 oz. white chocolate
2½ tbsp. granulated sugar
2½ tbsp. packed light-brown sugar
¼ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
¾ c. boiling water
vanilla ice cream
Make the batter:
Stir together butter, sugar, and vanilla in another medium bowl. Stir in flour mixture and milk, then the chocolate.
Make the topping:
Place 3 ramekins (each 3 1/2 inches in diameter and 1 1/2 inches deep) on a baking sheet. Pour in batter. Sprinkle with topping. Pour 1/4 cup boiling water into each. Bake until set, 25 to 28 minutes. Top with ice cream; serve immediately.


all-purpose flour
½ package frozen puff pastry
1 large egg yolk
1 tbsp. heavy cream
2 c. Red and green seedless grapes
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 pinch salt
Sanding sugar
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. On a lightly floured work surface, unfold pastry. Cut into 4 squares (4 3/4 inches each). Transfer to a rimless baking sheet. Using the tip of a paring knife, score a 1/2-inch border around edges of squares, being careful not to cut all the way through pastry. Refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes.
Whisk together egg yolk and cream; set egg wash aside. Toss together grapes, granulated sugar, and salt in a medium bowl. Divide grape mixture among tart shells, keeping it inside the borders. Brush edges of tarts with egg wash, and sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until pastry is crisp and golden and grapes are just beginning to collapse, 23 to 27 minutes. Let cool on sheet on a wire rack.


1 c. unsalted butter
1 c. smooth peanut butter
1 c. sugar
1 c. packed dark-brown sugar
2 large eggs
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
chocolate ice cream
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together butter and peanut butter until smooth. Add both sugars and continue to mix until smooth.
Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer running, add flour mixture in two batches, mixing well after each addition. Continue mixing until a dough forms. Form dough into a ball and wrap with plastic wrap; refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll dough into 1 1/2-inch balls. Place on prepared baking sheet about 2 inches apart. Press down on each dough ball using the tines of a fork, once vertically and once horizontally, to make a crosshatch pattern on the cookies. Sprinkle with sugar and transfer to oven. Bake 14 to 16 minutes, rotating baking sheet once during baking. Let cool completely.
Place 1 scoop of ice cream on the bottom side of 12 cookies. Top with remaining cookies to form sandwiches. Serve immediately or wrap individually using plastic wrap. Keep frozen up to 1 month.


3 oz. chopped walnuts
3 tbsp. honey
.13 tsp. salt
1 qt. vanilla ice cream or nondairy ice cream or sorbet
8 oz. chopped walnuts
2 c. confectioners' sugar
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
.13 tsp. Coarse salt
4 large egg whites
.13 tsp. cream of tartar
½ c. honey
½ stick unsalted butter or nondairy margarine
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
3  Fuji apples
Make the ice cream:
Fold honeyed walnuts into ice cream or sorbet in a bowl. Freeze until just firm, at least 1 hour (or up to 3 days; soften slightly before serving.)
Make the meringues:
With a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites with cream of tartar until stiff peaks form. Fold walnut mixture into whites in 2 additions.
Using a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain pastry tip (such as Ateco #806), pipe walnut mixture into sixteen 2 1/2-inch rounds on parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing them 1 inch apart.
Bake, rotating sheets halfway through, until deep gold, 14 to 16 minutes. Let cool completely on sheets on a wire rack. (Meringues can be stored in an airtight container for up to 2 days.)
Make the apples:
Assemble dacquoises:


⅓ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
¼ tsp. salt
2 c. milk
2 large egg yolks
4 oz. semisweet chocolate
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
⅓ c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
Whisk granulated sugar, cornstarch, cocoa, and salt in a medium pan. Whisk in milk and yolks. Cook over medium-low heat, whisking, until thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and butter; whisk until melted.
Pour pudding through a sieve into a heatproof bowl set in an ice-water bath. To prevent a skin from forming, press plastic wrap directly onto surface. Refrigerate, stirring occasionally, until cold and set, about 40 minutes (up to 2 days).
Whip cream and confectioners' sugar in a medium bowl until soft peaks form. Divide cold pudding among 4 bowls, and serve with whipped cream.


2 bar cream cheese
¾ c. pure maple syrup
1 c. cold heavy cream
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
1
nonstick cooking spray
2 medium pears
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese on high until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add 1/2 cup maple syrup; beat until smooth. In a medium bowl, beat cream and sugar on high until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. With a rubber spatula, stir about one-third the whipped cream into cream cheese mixture, then fold in remainder. Transfer to crust and refrigerate until firm, 3 hours (or up to 1 day).
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Coat a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Arrange pear slices in a single layer on sheet and brush with 2 tablespoons maple syrup. Roast until pears are soft, 20 minutes. Remove from oven and heat broiler. Brush pears with 2 tablespoons maple syrup and broil until browned in spots, about 4 minutes, rotating sheet frequently. Let cool. To serve, arrange pear slices, overlapping slightly, on cheesecake.


1¼ c. graham-cracker crumbs
¼ c. sugar
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
4 package bar cream cheese
1¼ c. sugar
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 can canned pumpkin purée
2 tbsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with rack in center. Assemble a 9-inch nonstick springform pan, with the raised side of the bottom part facing up.
Make the crust:
Make the filling:
Place springform pan on a rimmed baking sheet. Pour filling into springform, and gently smooth top. Transfer to oven; reduce oven heat to 300 degrees F. Bake 45 minutes. Turn off oven; let cheesecake stay in oven 2 hours more (without opening).
Remove from oven; cool completely. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours. Unmold before serving.


1 c. dried breadcrumbs
¾ c. grated peeled red apple
½ c. golden raisins
¼ c. pitted prunes
¼ c. honey
2 tbsp. Armagnac or other good-quality brandy
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. Coarse salt
5  sheets phyllo dough
½ c. unsalted butter
confectioners' sugar
whipped cream
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F, with rack in upper third. Gently stir together breadcrumbs, apple, raisins, prunes, honey, brandy, cinnamon, and salt in a medium bowl. Set filling aside.
Brush a sheet of phyllo with butter. Top with 2 sheets, and brush with butter; repeat. Spread with filling. Starting at a short end, roll to enclose filling. Transfer, seam side down, to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
Bake until golden brown, about 35 minutes. Transfer strudel to a wire rack; let cool 15 minutes. Sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar, and serve with whipped cream.


2 medium apples
5 large marshmallows
1 oz. Mexican chocolate
2 oz. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. water
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Halve each apple lengthwise. Using a melon baller or grapefruit spoon, scoop out seeds, forming a small crater in center of each half.
Fill each crater with 1 marshmallow quarter and  1/4 of the chocolate. Cut 2 tablespoons butter into small pieces, and divide among apples, placing over chocolate.
Place water and remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a baking dish. Place filled apples in dish. Bake until a paring knife inserted into apples meets no resistance, 20 to 30 minutes.
Set oven to broil. Top each apple half with 2 marshmallow halves. Broil until golden brown. Drizzle with juices.


¾ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1 tbsp. ice water
3  Rome apples
4  McIntosh apples
1 c. cranberries
⅓ c. packed light-brown sugar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. heavy cream
2 tsp. coarse sugar
Make crust:
Make filling:


4  sheets phyllo dough
1 stick unsalted butter
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
5 tbsp. pure maple syrup
4  apples
1½ c. fresh cranberries
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 c. heavy cream
Preheat oven 400 degrees F. Brush a baking sheet with butter. Lay 1 phyllo sheet on the baking sheet, brush with some of the butter, and sprinkle with some of the cinnamon. Repeat layering with remaining phyllo sheets. Bake until crisp and golden brown, about 10 minutes.
Remove from oven, and brush top gently with 2 tablespoons maple syrup. Place a row of apple wedges along one short side, with rounded edges facing out. Make a second row of apples next to the first row, overlapping the rows slightly and staggering the wedges so that the rounded edges of the second row fall in between the rounded edges of the first row. Cut wedges as needed to fill gaps at ends of each row. Scatter cranberries over top. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons of the remaining butter and remaining 3 tablespoons maple syrup, and sprinkle with sugar.
Bake until apples are just cooked and cranberries have softened, about 25 minutes. Let cool slightly.
Before serving, whisk cream until soft peaks form. Cut tart into squares. Drizzle with maple syrup, and serve with whipped cream on the side.


3 oz. frozen kataifi (shredded phyllo;
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
5  baking apples
¼ c. sugar
¾ c. sugar
1 c. heavy cream
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
2 c. whole milk
½ c. sugar
salt
½ c. semolina flour
Make the crust:
Meanwhile, make the caramelized apples:
Make the caramel:
Cover bottom of crust with 3/4 cup caramelized apples. Drizzle apples with 2 tablespoons caramel.
Make the custard:
Pour custard over caramelized apples into crust. Let stand until set, about 1 hour. Top with remaining caramelized apples just before serving. Drizzle top of pie with some caramel (reheat if needed). Serve immediately.


6 oz. cookies
3 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse cookies until finely ground (you should have about 1 1/2 cups). Add sugar, salt, and butter and pulse until combined.
Firmly press crumb mixture into bottom and up sides of a 9-inch pie plate. (If using a springform pan, press crumbs halfway up sides.) Bake until crust is dry and set, about 12 minutes. Let cool completely in plate on a wire rack before filling.


70  Nabisco Famous Chocolate Wafers
24 oz. cream cheese
1 c. chocolate syrup
¼ c. water
Put 20 of the chocolate cookies (reserving 50 whole cookies) into a zippered plastic bag and, using a rolling pin, crush them to fine crumbs. Line an 8-inch round cake pan with enough plastic wrap to extend by 4 inches all around.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese at high speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the chocolate syrup and 1/4 cup of water and beat the chocolate cream for 2 minutes.
Arrange 9 cookies in an overlapping ring on the bottom of the prepared cake pan and place 1 cookie in the center. Spoon one-fourth of the chocolate cream (about 1 1/4 cups) over the cookies, being careful not to disturb them. Repeat with the remaining cookies and chocolate cream, ending with a layer of 10 cookies on top. Fold the plastic wrap over the top of the cake. Lightly tap the pan once or twice on a work surface. Refrigerate the cake for at least 8 hours and preferably overnight.
Peel back the plastic wrap and invert the cake onto a serving plate. Carefully peel off the plastic wrap. Press the cookie crumbs onto the side of the cake to coat evenly. Cut into wedges and serve.


7 oz. frozen all-butter puff pastry
¼ c. sugar
¼ c. water
1 lb. blackberries and raspberries
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Unfold the puff pastry on the baking sheet and cut it into two 5- by 6-inch rectangles. Cut each rectangle on the diagonal to form 2 triangles. Refrigerate until the pastry is chilled, about 10 minutes.
Separate the triangles so they're evenly spaced. Bake the pastry for 25 minutes, or until nicely browned and crisp.
Meanwhile, in a saucepan, bring the sugar and water to a simmer over moderate heat. Add the blackberries and cook, stirring, for  1 minute. Add the raspberries and cook for 10 seconds. Stir a few times; transfer to a bowl.
Place the pastry on plates, top with the berries, and serve.


4  lemons
2¼ c. sugar
1¼ c. water
3½ c. heavy cream
1 pinch salt
Peel the zest in strips from the lemons. Cut the strips into 1- by 1/8-inch julienne. Transfer the zest to a large saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and simmer for 10 minutes. Drain and return the zest to the saucepan. Add 1 1/4 cups of the sugar and 1 1/4 cups of water and bring to a boil. Simmer over moderate heat until the syrup is reduced to 2/3 cup and the zest strips are translucent, about 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the strips to a bowl and toss with the remaining 1 cup of sugar. Let cool.
Add 3 cups of the cream to the lemon syrup in the saucepan and simmer until reduced to 3 1/2 cups, about 15 minutes.
Halve and juice the lemons; you should have 3/4 cup of juice. Add the lemon juice and salt to the saucepan and let cool slightly. Pour the pudding into 6 glasses and chill until set; at least 5 hours and preferably overnight.
Beat the remaining 1/2 cup of cream until soft peaks form; dollop on the puddings. Garnish with the zests and serve.


2 c. granola with nuts and dried fruit
1 c. chocolate peanut butter (see Note)
1 large egg
1 pinch salt
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Pick out the dried fruit from 1 cup of the granola and add the fruit to the remaining granola. Transfer the fruit-free granola to a food processor and pulse until finely ground; transfer to a medium bowl. Add the peanut butter, egg, and salt. Using an electric mixer, beat the mixture at low speed until smooth. Add the remaining fruit-filled granola and beat the cookie dough just until combined.
Form the cookie dough into 12 balls and arrange them on the prepared baking sheets. Flatten the balls with the tines of a fork to 3-inch rounds. Bake one sheet at a time in the center of the oven for about 15 minutes, until the cookies are lightly browned around the edges. Let the cookies cool completely on the baking sheets.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tbsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 stick unsalted butter
½ c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
½ tsp. salt
granulated sugar
In a medium bowl, whisk the flour with the cornstarch. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle, cream the butter with the confectioners' sugar and salt at medium speed for 2 minutes. Add the flour mixture all at once and mix at low speed just until incorporated. Pat the dough into an 8-inch disk, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate until just firm, about 15 minutes.
Roll out the dough between 2 sheets of parchment paper to a 1/4-inch-thick round. Slide the dough onto the parchment, onto a baking sheet, and refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Slide the dough onto a work surface. Peel the top sheet of parchment off the dough. Prick the dough all over with a fork. Using a 2-inch fluted round cookie cutter, stamp out cookies as close together as possible. Arrange the cookies 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Refrigerate the cookies. Reroll the scraps between sheets of parchment paper and refrigerate until firm. Stamp out more cookies and arrange them on the baking sheets.
Bake the cookies on the upper and middle racks of the oven for 30 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Shift the sheets from top to bottom and back to front and bake for 15 minutes longer, until golden brown. Let the cookies cool on the sheets for 2 minutes, then transfer them to a rack.
Put the granulated sugar in a shallow bowl. Carefully toss the warm cookies in the sugar to coat, then let cool completely on the rack before serving.


3  Granny Smith apples
2 c. Macintosh apples
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
3 c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1.13 tsp. ground cinnamon
4 large eggs
2 c. granulated sugar
1 c. vegetable oil
½ c. orange juice
2½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
confectioners’ sugar
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 9- by 13-inch baking pan with cooking spray. Line with parchment, leaving an overhang on two sides.
In a large bowl, toss the apples with lemon juice. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, and 1 teaspoon cinnamon.
In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, granulated sugar, oil, orange juice, and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and whisk together just until combined. Add half the apples and mix to combine. Spread into the prepared pan.
Arrange the remaining apples on top. Sprinkle with the remaining cinnamon and bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes in the pan, then, using the overhangs, transfer cake to a wire rack to cool completely; dust with confectioners' sugar.


1 can sweetened condensed milk
5 c. whole milk
1½ c. arborio rice
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tbsp. hazelnut-chocolate spread (we used Nutella)
sliced strawberries
In a 5- to 6-quart slow cooker, whisk together the sweetened condensed milk and whole milk. Stir in the rice.
Cook, covered, until the rice is tender and the mixture has slightly thickened, 2 to 3 hours on high. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla.
Drizzle the hazelnut-chocolate spread over the rice pudding and gently fold in to create swirls. Spoon into bowls and top with sliced strawberries, if desired.


3 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. sugar
½ c. dark brown sugar
1 tbsp. baking soda
2 tsp. baking powder
1½ tsp. salt
1½ tsp. cinnamon
1 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
½ tsp. allspice
3 c. grated carrots
1½ c. chopped dried apricots
1½ c. chopped pistachios
4 large eggs
1½ c. olive oil
½ c. milk
2 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
Make the batter:
Combine the flour, sugars, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg, and allspice in a large bowl. Toss the carrots, apricots, and nuts in the flour mixture and set aside.
Whisk together the eggs, olive oil, milk, and vanilla in a medium bowl and add to the flour mixture. Stir until just combined. Transfer 3 cups of batter to each cake pan and 1/4 cup batter to each cupcake liner.
Bake the cakes until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean -- about 40 minutes for cakes and 20 minutes for cupcakes. Cool cakes in the pans on a wire rack for 20 minutes. Release cakes from pans and cool completely on the rack (if freezing, skip to Step 5). Frost with your favorite icing.
To freeze:


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. unsweetened cocoa
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. butter or margarine
1½ c. sugar
3 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. sugar
⅓ c. unsweetened cocoa
¼ c. heavy or whipping cream
2 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 pt. vanilla ice cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 6 jumbo muffin-pan cups (about 4 by 2 inches each) or six 6-ounce custard cups.
Prepare Brownie Cups:
Bake brownies 30 to 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out almost clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes. Run tip of thin knife around edge of brownies to loosen. Invert brownies onto rack and cool 10 minutes longer to serve warm, or cool completely to serve later.
While Brownie Cups cool, prepare Hot Fudge Sauce:
Assemble brownie sundaes:


2½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ tsp. ground ginger
1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. light-brown sugar
2 large eggs
1¼ c. maple syrup
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. buttermilk
½ c. walnuts or pecans
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and ginger. Set aside. Beat the butter and sugar together using a mixer set on medium speed in a large bowl until fluffy. Beat in the eggs, syrup, and vanilla. Stir in flour mixture by thirds, alternating with the buttermilk. Stir in nuts. Fill 18 lined muffin cups and bake until a tester comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool completely. Ice with


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. granulated sugar
½ c. light-brown sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. cinnamon
½ tsp. allspice
2 large carrots
¾ c. golden raisins
1 c. finely chopped walnuts
2 large eggs
¾ c. vegetable oil
⅓ c. whole milk
1 tsp. vanilla
1 large carrot
2 c. sugar
1 package cream cheese
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
3 tbsp. simple syrup (reserved from carrot ribbons)
For cupcakes:
Bake cupcakes, with rack set in the middle, until a toothpick inserted into center of cupcakes tests clean, about 15 minutes, rotating halfway through. Turn out cupcakes; transfer to a wire rack and let cool.
For ribbons:
For frosting:


⅓ c. cocoa
3 tbsp. red food coloring
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. butter
1½ c. sugar
4  egg yolks
1 c. buttermilk
1 tsp. salt
2¼ c. sifted cake flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. white vinegar
1 c. milk
3 tbsp. flour
.13 tsp. salt
8 oz. of either 62 percent dark chocolate or white chocolate
1 c. butter
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. cocoa (for white chocolate frosting, omit cocoa)
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Cake:
Frosting:
Melt either dark chocolate or white chocolate. Set aside to cool.
Beat butter, confectioners' sugar, and cocoa (for white chocolate frosting, omit cocoa) together until light and fluffy. Beat in the cooled chocolate and add milk mixture and vanilla extract (dark chocolate frosting only) until smooth and fluffy. Use immediately.


2 stick unsalted butter
14  chocolate graham crackers
⅓ c. granulated sugar
Sea salt
1 c. light-brown sugar
1 c. sweetened condensed milk
½ c. light corn syrup
6 oz. Pecan halves
¾ tsp. vanilla
8 oz. bittwersweet chocolate
2½ c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a small pot over medium-low heat, melt 1 stick butter. Transfer to a medium bowl. Add graham crackers, granulated sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon sea salt and combine. Press mixture into the bottom and along the sides of an 11-inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Bake crust for 10 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack and cool, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, make the caramel:
Meanwhile, make the ganache:
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl and using an electric mixer, beat remaining heavy cream until soft peaks form. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Once tart is set, remove outer ring of pan. Let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes before serving. Serve with dollops of whipped cream.


7 c. watermelon
⅓ c. sugar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 tbsp. Fresh tarragon leaves
In blender, purée watermelon, sugar, fresh lemon juice, and fresh tarragon leaves until smooth. Pour into 13- by 9-inch metal pan. Freeze 1 hour, then stir with fork. Freeze until firm. Scrape with fork into shards.


6 slice bacon
¼ c. maple syrup
¼ c. packed light brown sugar
½ c. pecans
1 can refrigerated biscuits
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until it begins to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a paper towel–lined plate.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine the maple syrup, brown sugar, and pecans. Stir in the bacon and divide among 8 muffin cups of a 12-cup muffin tin.
Place the biscuits on a sheet of wax paper and sprinkle both sides with the cinnamon. Place biscuits over the bacon mixture in each of the cups, gently pressing to fit.
Bake until the biscuits are golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and immediately invert onto a baking sheet. Let cool for 5 minutes before serving.


½ c. whole-wheat flour
½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
⅓ c. vegetable oil
.67 c. packed dark-brown sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. rolled oats
½ c. dried currants or raisins
1 large egg
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together flours and baking powder; set aside.
In a large bowl, whisk together oil, sugar, egg, and vanilla. Add flour mixture, and stir to combine; mix in oats and currants.
Using two tablespoons of dough per cookie, roll into balls; place on two baking sheets lined with parchment paper, 1 1/2 inches apart. Bake until lightly browned, 15 to 17 minutes, rotating sheets halfway through.
Cool 5 minutes on sheets, then transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.


3 oz. unsweetened chocolate
9 oz. semisweet chocolate
½ c. unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
¼ c. strong coffee
¼ c. all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. Coarse salt
½ c. toasted almonds
⅓ c. chopped dried cherries
2 large eggs
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a microwave-safe 8-inch square baking dish, combine chocolates and butter. Microwave on high in 30-second increments, stirring each time, until melted, about 2 minutes. Whisk mixture to combine. Let cool slightly.
Add sugar, eggs, and coffee and whisk gently to combine. Add flour, salt, and almonds and stir to combine. Gently stir in cherries.
Cook just until set and a toothpick inserted in center comes out with a few moist crumbs, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool completely in dish on a wire rack and refrigerate 2 hours before cutting into 10 rectangles.


2 tbsp. seedless raspberry jam
3 c. vanilla yogurt
2 c. apple juice
2 c. milk
8  bananas
Paint jam circles on insides of drinking glasses with a small, unused paint brush. Let stand at least 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, cut 4 bananas into chunks; place in blender. Add 1 1/2 cups yogurt and 1 cup apple juice. Blend until smooth, adding 1 cup milk to thin as it blends. Pour into jam-dotted glasses; repeat with remaining ingredients; serve immediately.


1 tbsp. light-brown sugar
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
1½ tsp. butter
2  10-inch whole-wheat tortillas
Heat broiler, with rack 4 inches from heat. Place tortillas on a baking sheet. In a small bowl, combine sugar and cinnamon. Dividing evenly, spread butter on one side of each tortilla; sprinkle with cinnamon sugar.
Broil until sugar is golden brown and has melted, 1 to 2 minutes. (Tortillas will puff under broiler and become flat again once taken out.) Cut each tortilla into wedges.


2 c. seedless red grapes
2 c. seedless green grapes
2  bananas
Peel bananas; cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Place banana slices and grapes on a small rimmed baking sheet in a single layer. Freeze until fruit is frozen throughout, at least 1 hour.
Divide fruit among four bowls, and serve.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 oz. good-quality unsweetened chocolate
½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 c. sugar
¼ c. milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
4 oz. good-quality semisweet chocolate
⅔ c. heavy cream
2 large eggs
Heart-shaped sprinkles
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch springform pan, and set aside.
Make batter:
Whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt in a separate bowl; set aside.
Put sugar and eggs in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, and beat on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add chocolate mixture, milk, and vanilla, and beat until combined. Add flour mixture; beat, scraping down sides of bowl, until well incorporated.
Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake until a cake tester inserted into brownies (avoid center and edges) comes out with a few crumbs but is not wet, 27 to 30 minutes. Let cool completely in pan.
Make topping when brownies are cool:
Pour ganache over cooled brownies in pan; let set, about 20 minutes. Refrigerate until cold, 30 minutes to 1 hour. Let brownies stand at room temperature at least 15 minutes before serving. Lift out brownies; cut into wedges, wiping knife with a hot, damp cloth between each cut. Scatter sprinkles on top.


12 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1¼ c. evaporated milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3 c. finely ground chocolate wafer cookies
2.13 c. sweetened shredded coconut
1.13 c. salted cocktail peanuts
½ c. confectioners' sugar
salt
Line a 9-inch square baking dish with plastic wrap, leaving a 1-inch overhang on all sides.
Heat chocolate and evaporated milk in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring, until chocolate melts and is smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Set aside 1/3 cup.
Combine cookies, 2 cups coconut, 1 cup peanuts, the sugar, and  1/2 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Pour in chocolate mixture; stir until combined.
Spread mixture evenly into dish. Spread reserved  1/3 cup chocolate over top. Finely chop remaining 2 tablespoons coconut and 2 tablespoons peanuts; sprinkle evenly over chocolate. Refrigerate until set, about 2 hours. Remove brownies from pan by lifting plastic wrap. Remove plastic, and cut into 24 brownies.


nonstick cooking spray
7  graham crackers
3 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2¼ tsp. powdered gelatin (from one 1/4-ounce packet)
5 c. fresh raspberries
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
2 c. cold heavy cream
Lightly coat a 9-inch square metal baking pan with cooking spray and line with parchment paper, leaving a 2-inch overhang on all sides. Arrange graham crackers in an even layer in pan, breaking them to fit as necessary. Place lemon juice in a small bowl and sprinkle with gelatin. Let sit until gelatin softens, 3 minutes. In a blender, puree 2 cups raspberries until smooth, scraping down bowl as needed. Pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a measuring cup, pressing on solids (you should have about 1 cup of puree); discard solids.
In a small saucepan, combine raspberry puree and 1/2 cup sugar over medium. Cook until bubbles form at edge. Add gelatin mixture and cook, stirring constantly, just until gelatin dissolves, about 1 minute. Transfer mixture to a small bowl and let cool to room temperature, 20 minutes. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat cream and 2 tablespoons sugar on medium-high until firm peaks form, about 4 minutes. With a rubber spatula, gently fold in raspberry puree mixture until combined. Pour over graham crackers. Smooth top with an offset spatula and arrange 3 cups raspberries on top. Refrigerate until set, about 2 hours (or up to overnight).
Using parchment, gently lift pie out of pan and place on a serving plate. Peel away parchment from sides of pie; trim excess paper with scissors or a sharp knife. Cut into 12 pieces to serve.


3 c. seedless watermelon chunks
2 c. red Zinfandel
1 c. raspberries
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 tbsp. lime juice
2 tbsp. dark brown sugar
Using a blender, purée all ingredients until smooth. Pour mixture through a fine-mesh strainer, pressing with a spoon to extract as much juice as you can (discarding pulp).
Pour liquid into a shallow, freezer-safe dish and freeze 1 hour. Remove dish from freezer and stir granita with a fork to break it up, paying particular attention to edges of dish. Return granita to freezer, raking it with a fork every half hour until it is completely frozen and flaky.


1 pt. strawberries
2 c. heavy cream
½ c. condensed milk
¾ c. sugar
1 tsp. salt
1 tbsp. red wine vinegar
In a blender, process strawberries until smooth. Strain through a fine-mesh strainer to remove seeds (or leave unstrained if the seeds don't bother you). Transfer purée to a large bowl and add cream, condensed milk, sugar, salt, and vinegar. Whisk until sugar is dissolved.
Freeze mixture in an ice cream machine according to manufacturer's instructions, being careful not to overchurn. Serve immediately or transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, about 2 hours.


1 large peaches
1 tbsp. lemon juice
½ c. sugar
1 c. sour cream
Peel peaches and remove pits. Cut enough fruit into 1-inch chunks to make 1 very firmly packed cup. In a food processor or blender, purée peaches with lemon juice until fairly smooth. Add sugar and sour cream, and pulse to mix. Scrape mixture into a shallow pan, cover, and freeze.
Break frozen mixture into small chunks with a fork, and process in a food processor or blender until smooth. Serve immediately as a slushy spoon drink, or scrape into a firm container and refreeze until firm enough to scoop, at least 3 hours.


2 can coconut milk
¾ c. sugar
½ c. cocoa powder
1 tbsp. cocoa powder
¼ c. corn syrup
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. vanilla extract
In a blender or food processor, combine all ingredients and purée until smooth. Transfer mixture to a container, cover, and refrigerate at least 1 hour, or up to overnight.
Freeze mixture in an ice cream machine according to manufacturer's instructions, being careful not to overchurn. Serve immediately or transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, about 4 hours.


1⅓ c. semisweet chocolate
3 tbsp. coconut oil
In a microwave-safe bowl, combine chocolate chips and coconut oil. Microwave on high 30 seconds. Stir well, then microwave 15 to 30 seconds more, until just melted. Stir and set aside 10 minutes to let cool. Working quickly, turn ice cream cone upside down (making sure you've pushed the ice cream inside the cone) and dip in the chocolate mixture, letting any excess drip off. Roll in toppings, if desired, then allow coating to harden. Serve immediately.


½ c. heavy whipping cream
1 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. vanilla ice cream
Using a handheld electric mixer, whisk cream in a large bowl until soft peaks form, 1 to 2 minutes. Add sugar and vanilla and continue whisking to make stiff peaks, about 30 seconds more. Using a rubber spatula, stir in ice cream until well combined. Transfer mixture to a large, resealable freezer bag and freeze until semi-firm (like soft-serve ice cream), 4 to 6 hours.
When ready to serve, remove ice cream from freezer and, if needed, knead bag until uniformly soft, about 30 seconds. (Cover bag with a towel to protect your hands from the cold.) Snip off a corner of the bag to pipe ice cream into a cone, or simply scoop and serve.


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
.67 c. sugar
1½ tbsp. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. buttermilk
1¼ c. blackberries
Sweetened whipped cream
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch-round cake pan and line the bottom with parchment paper. Butter the paper.
In a small bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl, using a mixer, beat the butter with the 2/3 cup of sugar at medium-high speed until fluffy, 3 minutes. Beat in the egg and vanilla. At low speed, beat in the buttermilk and dry ingredients in 3 alternating batches, ending with the dry ingredients; do not overbeat. Gently fold the batter just until blended, then scrape into the pan and smooth the top.
Scatter the 1 1/4 cups of blackberries over the batter; lightly press them in. Sprinkle the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons of sugar over the cake. Bake for about 30 minutes, until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean.
Transfer the cake to a rack to cool for  10 minutes. Turn out the cake and remove the paper. Turn the cake right side up and let cool completely. Serve with whipped cream and more blackberries.




2 c. heavy cream
½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ c. whole milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1  store-bought piecrust
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. For filling: In a medium bowl, combine heavy cream, flour, brown sugar, 1/2 cup granulated sugar, milk, and vanilla.
Fit crust into a 9-inch pie pan and dot bottom with butter. Pour filling into crust. Combine cinnamon and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar and sprinkle on top. Bake pie until set and center is firm to touch, about 1 hour. Cool on a wire rack.


⅓ c. sugar
1 stick unsalted butter
1 pinch salt
1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1  extra-large egg
½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 tbsp. molasses
½ tbsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 can sweetened condensed milk
½ c. Key lime juice
4  extra-large egg yolks
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
For crust: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a medium bowl, cream sugar, butter, and salt until smooth. Add flour, egg, vanilla, molasses, ginger, and cinnamon and mix well to form a smooth dough. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface into a circle about 13 inches wide and 1/4 inch thick. Line a tart pan with a removable bottom with dough. Trim excess dough. Bake crust until browned, 12 to 15 minutes.
For filling: In a medium bowl, whisk together all ingredients. Pour into pie shell and bake until filling sets to consistency of a soft custard, about 15 minutes. Cool pie completely on a wire rack.


1  store-bought piecrust
1 stick unsalted butter
1¾ c. sugar
4 tbsp. cocoa
¼ c. all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. vanilla or mocha ice cream
3 tbsp. fudge sauce
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Line crust with parchment paper and weight with dried beans or pie weights; bake until dough is lightly golden and set, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove pie and cool on a wire rack. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.
For filling: In a bowl, stir together butter, sugar, and cocoa until well combined. Add flour, eggs, and vanilla and mix until smooth. Pour mixture into prepared crust and bake for 30 to 40 minutes.
Remove pie from oven and cool completely on a wire rack. Gently mound ice cream over pie and freeze until ice cream sets. Drizzle with fudge sauce before serving.


3 stick butter
1 package cream cheese
4½ tbsp. sugar
3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
1 package dried peaches
2 can peach nectar
¾ c. sugar
1 c. sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 large egg
1 tbsp. water
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
4 c. vegetable oil
For crust: In a medium bowl and using a mixer set on medium speed, beat butter, cream cheese, and sugar until mixture is smooth and there are no visible chunks of butter or cream cheese, about 5 minutes. Add flour and salt and mix until just combined. Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface. Divide dough in half, shape into disks, and wrap each in plastic wrap. Chill for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.
For filling: In a medium pot, bring peaches, nectar, and 3/4 cup sugar to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer mixture until it reaches a jamlike consistency, 30 to 40 minutes; let cool. Stir in vanilla.
Roll out dough to 1/8-inch thickness on a lightly floured surface. Cut 16 to 20 four-inch circles, gathering scraps and rerolling as needed. Place circles on a baking pan and wrap with plastic wrap; chill for at least 1 hour or up to overnight.
In a small bowl, whisk together egg and water. Place 1 heaping tablespoon peach mixture in center of a dough circle. Brush edges of dough with egg wash, fold dough over filling, and crimp edges with a fork. Repeat with remaining dough circles. Keep pies chilled until ready to fry. In a shallow bowl, mix together remaining 1 cup sugar and cinnamon.
In a large, heavy-duty pot fitted with a deep-fry thermometer, heat oil to 350 degrees F (oil should be 4 inches deep). Add 3 pies to hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels, then coat with cinnamon-sugar. Repeat until all peach pies are fried.


2 large lemons
2 c. sugar
5 large eggs
2  store-bought piecrusts
For filling: In a medium, non- reactive bowl, mix together lemon slices and sugar; cover and let stand overnight in refrigerator. Bring lemon mixture to room temperature. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Fit 1 crust into a 9-inch pie pan. Stir eggs into lemon mixture and pour into pie pan. Top with remaining crust. Trim excess dough, fold top crust under bottom along rim, and crimp to seal. Bake for 45 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
¾ c. shortening
5 tbsp. water
½ c. dark corn syrup
¼ c. light brown sugar
1 large egg
½ tsp. baking soda
½ c. hot water
1 c. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. shortening
.67 c. light brown sugar
1 pinch salt
1 pinch ground cinnamon
For crust: In a medium bowl, mix flour and salt. Cut shortening into flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Gradually add water until combined. Press together to form dough and chill for at least 1 hour or up to overnight. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness; fit into a 9-inch pie pan. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
For filling: Combine corn syrup, brown sugar, and egg. Dissolve baking soda in hot water, stir into syrup mixture, and pour into crust.
For topping: In a medium bowl, mix ingredients using your fingers or a pastry blender until combined. Sprinkle crumbs evenly over corn-syrup mixture. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes.


2.38 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1¼ tsp. salt
1 stick cold unsalted butter
2 large egg yolks
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ lb. strawberries
½ c. confectioners' sugar
3 tbsp. strawberry jam
1 tbsp. Sanding sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine 2 1/4 cups flour, baking powder, and 1 teaspoon salt. Using a pastry blender or 2 knives, cut butter into flour mixture until mixture resembles coarse sand. Add 1 egg yolk, 1/2 cup chilled water, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and mix until just combined. (If dough is dry or crumbly and doesn’t stay together, add up to 3 tablespoons more chilled water.) Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and knead 2 to 3 times, just until dough comes together. Return dough to bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until chilled, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, make filling: In a medium bowl, combine strawberries, confectioners’ sugar, and jam, plus remaining flour, vanilla, and salt. Set aside.
In a small bowl, beat remaining yolk and 1 tablespoon water for egg wash; set aside. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/2-inch thickness. Using a 3-inch round cookie cutter, cut dough into 6 rounds.
Roll 1 round into a 6-inch circle. Spoon a heaping 2 tablespoons filling onto half of circle, leaving
1/2-inch border. Brush the edges with egg wash, then fold dough over filling. Using a fork, crimp the edges to seal hand pie. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking pan. Repeat with remaining dough rounds and filling.
Using a toothpick, poke a few holes in the top of each pie. Brush with remaining egg wash and sprinkle
each pie with 1/2 teaspoon sanding sugar. Bake until golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


1 c. granulated sugar
½ c. fresh lime juice
1½ c. water
2 tbsp. rum
1 or 2 drop green food coloring
ice-pop molds
Wooden pop sticks
In a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, bring the sugar, lime juice, and water to a simmering boil. Stir until the sugar dissolves. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the rum and food coloring. Cool the mixture, then pour it into ice-pop molds. Cover the opening of each mold with a small piece of foil and insert a pop stick halfway into the mold. Freeze overnight.
To release a pop from the mold, carefully hold the pop in one hand while running warm water over the mold without getting water into the opening. With the other hand, gently pull the stick away from the mold until the ice pop releases.


2 large egg yolks
¼ c. ice water
2½ c. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. sugar
salt
2 stick cold unsalted butter
Lightly beat together yolks and water until combined.
Pulse flour, sugar, and a pinch of salt in a food processor until combined. Add butter, and pulse until mixture resembles coarse crumbs with some larger pieces remaining, about 10 seconds. Drizzle yolk mixture over dough mixture. Pulse until mixture just begins to hold together (no longer than 30 seconds).
Divide dough in half, and wrap in plastic wrap. Shape dough into disks. Refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes or overnight.


1 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. light corn syrup
12 oz. semisweet chocolate
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
In a medium saucepan, combine the cream and corn syrup and bring to a boil over medium heat.
Remove from the heat, add the chocolate, and whisk until melted; stir in the vanilla.
Serve or pour into a jar and let cool completely before refrigerating for up to 2 weeks. Warm in the microwave or in a small saucepan before serving.


2 lb. assorted summer fruit, such as raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, nectarines, peaches and/or plums
4  refrigerated rolled pie crusts
¼ c. sugar
¼ c. apricot jam
2 tbsp. lemon juice
Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.
Slice stone fruit and strawberries (if using). Per tart: Toss 1/2 cup fruit (in any combination) with 1/2 teaspoon sugar. Let the fruit sit, tossing occasionally, for at least 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, roll each pie crust into a 12-inch circle. Using a small bowl (about 5 1/2 inches wide) as a guide, cut 3 circles from each pie crust. Place the crusts on the prepared baking sheets. Divide the fruit among the circles, leaving a 1-inch border. Crimp the border.
Lightly brush the crusts with water and sprinkle each with 1/2 teaspoon sugar. Bake until the fruit is bubbling and the crust is golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let tarts cool for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the jam and lemon juice. Gently brush over the fruit while the tarts are still warm. Serve warm or at room temperature.


3 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. packed light brown sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. orange zest
1 tsp. lemon zest
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. granulated sugar
1 c. cold unsalted butter
1 large egg
4 c. fresh blueberries
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 9- by 13-inch baking pan with parchment paper, leaving an overhang on two sides.
In a food processor, pulse the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, orange and lemon zests, salt, and 3/4 cup granulated sugar to combine. Add the butter and egg and pulse until crumbly (the mixture should look like wet sand). Reserve 2 cups of the mixture, then press the remaining mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan.
In a large bowl, toss the blueberries, lemon juice and remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar. Spoon the blueberry mixture over the crust in the pan and crumble the remaining dough mixture over the top. Bake until golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan.
Using the overhangs, transfer the crumb bar to a cutting board and cut into pieces.


1 package red beets
¼ c. canola oil
2 large eggs
1 box fudgy brownie mix
1 c. chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 13- by 9-inch baking pan.
In food processor or blender, puree beets and canola oil until smooth. Add eggs and box fudgy brownie mix. Puree until very smooth. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour into pan.
Bake 25 minutes or until toothpick comes out almost clean. Cool completely. Cut into 1 1/2-inch squares.


1  lemon
1⅓ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
3 tbsp. Demerara or brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
10 tbsp. unsalted butter
6  ripe peaches
1 pt. raspberries
¼ c. cornstarch
.13 tsp. salt
Whipped cream or ice cream
From lemon, grate 1 tablespoon peel; squeeze 3 tablespoons juice. In large bowl, combine flour, baking powder, Demerara sugar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, and lemon peel; blend in butter until small and large clumps form. Refrigerate 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Cut peaches into 1/4-inch-thick slices. In bowl, toss peaches, berries, cornstarch, salt, lemon juice, and 1/2 cup granulated sugar. Let stand 15 minutes.
In 2-quart ceramic baking dish, spread fruit. Top with crumbs. Bake 40 to 50 minutes or until filling is bubbling. Cool 30 minutes. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream.


1 c. fresh lime juice
¼ c. honey
1  ripe watermelon
In 2-quart saucepan, heat lime juice and honey to boiling on high, stirring occasionally. Boil 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer to small bowl and refrigerate until cold. Syrup can be refrigerated up to 1 day ahead.
Place watermelon slices on large platter. Drizzle with lime syrup and serve immediately.


1 bottle fruity red wine
2  plums
1 large Granny Smith apple
1 large ripe pear
⅓ c. water
⅓ bag sugar
1  orange
1 c. unsweetened pomegranate juice
¼ c. fresh orange juice
¼ c. red grape juice
2 tbsp. light corn syrup
In 4-quart saucepan, boil wine, plums, apples, and pear on high 12 to 15 minutes or until reduced by half.
In 1-quart pan, boil water and sugar on high 2 minutes or until sugar dissolves. Cool.
Transfer wine mixture to large bowl; stir in orange, juices, sugar syrup, and corn syrup. Cover; refrigerate 4 hours or up to 2 days.
Place ice-pop molds in freezer 1 hour before filling.
Pour fruit mixture through strainer set over pitcher; discard solids. Pour liquid into molds, leaving 1/4 inch at the top of each; freeze 4 hours or until solid.
Dip molds in lukewarm water to loosen ice pops before pulling them out.


¼ c. sugar
¼ c. water
1 c. blueberries
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 c. heavy cream
10 oz. angel food cake
2 c. strawberries
½ c. shredded coconut
8  canning jars
In 1-quart saucepan, stir together sugar and water. Heat to boiling on high, stirring occasionally; stir in blueberries and lemon juice. Remove from heat. Let cool completely.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, whip cream until soft peaks form. Gently fold in cooled blueberry mixture.
Place a single layer of angel food cake on bottom of 1 canning jar. Top with 2 tablespoons strawberries, then 2 tablespoons blueberry whipped cream. Repeat layering of cake, strawberries, and whipped cream. Repeat with remaining 7 jars. Serve immediately, or replace screw caps and refrigerate up to 1 day. Before serving, top each parfait with 1 tablespoon coconut.


12 oz. raspberries
1½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
1 c. unsalted butter
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
4 large eggs
1½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. cream of coconut (not coconut milk)
1½ c. heavy cream
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9- by 13-inch baking pans with nonstick foil, leaving a 3-inch overhang on two sides. In a large bowl, toss the berries with 2 tablespoons sugar. Let sit, tossing occasionally, for at least 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, place the butter and the chocolate in a medium saucepan and cook, stirring, over medium-low heat until melted. Remove from heat and whisk in the remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar, then the eggs. Add the flour and stir until smooth.
Divide the batter between the prepared baking pans. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan.
Using an electric mixer, beat the cream of coconut and cream in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Gently fold the berries and their juices into the coconut-cream mixture; spoon the cream-berry mixture over one pan of brownies.
Use the foil overhangs to lift the remaining brownie layer out of the pan. Invert onto a cutting board and gently peel away the foil. Invert again onto a cookie sheet and gently slide on top of the cream-berry mixture. Cover and freeze for at least 6 hours or up to 2 days.
Use the foil overhangs to lift and transfer to a cutting board. Let sit for 5 minutes, then cut into bars.




1  batch
Finely crumbled crispy bacon
6 c. Chunky Monkey ice cream
Place about 1/2 cup of Chunky Monkey ice cream, softened, on the bottom of a cookie and spread it almost to the edges; then top with another cookie. Repeat to make 12 ice cream sandwiches.
Place on a baking sheet in the freezer for 1 hour to firm up the ice cream. To store in the freezer for up to 1 week, wrap each sandwich individually in plastic wrap, then put in a resealable bag.


1  batch
6 c. mint chip ice cream
Place about 1/2 cup of mint chip ice cream, softened, on the bottom of a cookie and spread it almost to the edges; then top with another cookie. Repeat to make 12 ice cream sandwiches.
Place on a baking sheet in the freezer for 1 hour to firm up the ice cream. To store in the freezer for up to 1 week, wrap each sandwich individually in plastic wrap, then put in a resealable bag.


1  batch
6 c. strawberry ice cream
Place about 1/2 cup of strawberry ice cream, softened, on the bottom of a cookie and spread it almost to the edges; then top with another cookie. Repeat to make 12 ice cream sandwiches.
Place on a baking sheet in the freezer for 1 hour to firm up the ice cream. To store in the freezer for up to 1 week, wrap each sandwich individually in plastic wrap, then put in a resealable bag.


1  batch
6 c. dulce de leche ice cream
Place about 1/2 cup of the dulce de leche ice cream, softened, on the bottom of a cookie and spread it almost to the edges; then top with another cookie. Repeat to make 12 ice cream sandwiches.
Place on a baking sheet in the freezer for 1 hour to firm up the ice cream. To store in the freezer for up to 1 week, wrap each sandwich individually in plastic wrap, then put in a resealable bag.


2⅓ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1 c. unsalted butter
1 c. packed brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 375 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, whisk flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt to combine.
In a large bowl, use an electric mixer on medium to beat butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs and extract until well combined. Reduce speed to low and beat in flour mixture until just blended; stir in chocolate chips.
Drop 2-tablespoon mounds of dough 3 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Press into 2-inch-diameter circles with your hand. Bake until cookies are golden around the edges, about 10 minutes. Let cookies stand 2 to 3 minutes on baking sheet, then transfer with a spatula to a wire rack to cool completely.


2⅓ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1 c. unsalted butter
1 c. packed brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 375 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking soda, and salt to combine.
In a large bowl, use an electric mixer on medium to beat butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs and extract until well combined. Reduce speed to low and beat in flour mixture until just blended; stir in chocolate chips.
Drop 2-tablespoon mounds of dough 3 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Press into 2-inch-diameter circles with your hand. Bake until cookies are golden around the edges, about 10 minutes. Let cookies stand 2 to 3 minutes on baking sheet, then transfer with a spatula to a wire rack to cool completely.


1  frozen puff pastry sheet
1 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. sugar
1 c. raspberries
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold puff pastry on a parchment-lined baking pan. With a knife, score a 3/4-inch border around pastry. Transfer to oven and bake until puffed and golden, about 15 minutes. Using parchment, transfer pastry to a wire rack to cool completely, about 15 minutes.
In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer set on medium speed, beat cream and sugar together until stiff peaks form. Spread whipped cream on pastry in an even layer, up to scored border. Dot with berries.


1¼ c. whole milk
1 envelope active dry yeast
1 large egg
4 c. all-purpose flour
flour
⅓ c. sugar
1 tsp.  salt
1½ stick unsalted butter
¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. sugar
1½ c. whole milk
2 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 lb. plump dried Turkish apricots
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 pinch cinnamon
¾ c. sugar
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
Heat the milk to 110 degrees F and transfer it to a small bowl. Stir in the yeast and let stand for 5 minutes, until dissolved. Stir in the egg. In a large bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, mix the 4 cups of flour with the sugar and salt; add the warm milk mixture and knead at medium-low speed until a stiff dough forms, about 3 minutes. Add the softened butter and knead at medium speed until the dough is silky and soft, about 5 minutes. Transfer the dough to a buttered bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.
In a medium bowl, combine the flour with 1/4 cup of the sugar and 1/4 cup of the milk and whisk to a paste. Whisk in the eggs and vanilla. In a medium saucepan, heat the remaining 1 1/4 cups of milk and 1/4 cup of sugar over moderate heat until the sugar is dissolved. Gradually whisk the hot milk into the egg mixture, then cook the mixture in the saucepan over moderate heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and no floury taste remains, about 4 minutes. Transfer the pastry cream to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap, pressing it directly onto the surface. Refrigerate overnight.
Butter four 9-inch pie plates. Divide the dough into 4 pieces and flatten into disks (it will be a firm dough). On a lightly floured work surface, roll out each disk of dough to a 9 1/2-inch round. Place each round in a pie plate, making sure that the dough doesn't extend past the rims. Cover the pie plates with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature until the dough has risen slightly, about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and set racks in the upper and lower thirds. Lightly press the dough with your fingers to deflate it. Arrange the apricots on the bottom in a single layer. Spread the pastry cream evenly over the apricots.
In a medium bowl, combine the sugar with the flour and butter and rub with your fingers until the texture is sandy. Sprinkle the topping over the pastry cream and dust lightly with cinnamon. Bake the kuchens for 40 minutes, until the crusts are deeply golden. Transfer the kuchens to a rack to cool completely before serving.


15 oz. milk chocolate
5 large egg yolks
salt
3 c. heavy cream
20  graham cracker sheets
4  ripe bananas
whipped cream
Line a 5- by 10-inch loaf pan with plastic wrap. Place chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Place yolks and a pinch of salt in another heatproof bowl.
Bring cream to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Slowly pour cream into bowl with yolks, whisking constantly; return mixture to saucepan set over low heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, about 8 minutes (mixture should not come to a boil). Immediately strain through a fine sieve set over chocolate; stir until chocolate melts and is smooth. Refrigerate, stirring occasionally, until thick, about 4 hours.
Spread 1 cup chocolate mixture evenly into bottom of loaf pan. Top with a layer of 4 graham crackers, trimmed to fit. Spread 1/2 cup chocolate over tops, and cover with some bananas. Spread 1/2 cup chocolate over bananas, and top with a layer of 4 trimmed graham crackers. Repeat with remaining chocolate, bananas, and graham crackers until you reach the top of the pan; finish with graham crackers.
Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight. Uncover, and turn out onto a serving platter. Remove plastic wrap. Garnish with whipped cream, and cut into slices.


10 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. dark brown sugar
4 c. frozen nectarines
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. Coarse salt
¾ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. plain Greek yogurt
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Place 4 tablespoons butter in a 9-inch round cake pan (2 inches deep) and melt in oven. Remove pan from oven and sprinkle brown sugar evenly over butter.
With two double-thick layers of paper towels, press as much liquid as possible out of nectarines. Arrange fruit in an even layer in pan.
In a medium bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat 6 tablespoons butter on high until light and fluffy. Add granulated sugar and beat until well combined. Beat in eggs, one at a time, scraping down bowl as needed. Beat in vanilla. With mixer on low, add flour mixture in three additions, alternating with two additions yogurt, and beat to combine.
With a spatula, spread batter over nectarines. Bake until cake is dark golden brown and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 1 hour 10 minutes. Let cake cool in pan on a wire rack, 15 minutes. Run a knife around edge of pan and invert cake onto a serving plate. Serve warm or at room temperature.


4 tbsp. shelled pistachios
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. confectioners' sugar
2 drop almond extract (optional)
.13 tsp. salt
2  nectarines
½  lemon
½ c. Crème fraîche
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Chop 3 tablespoons pistachios in a food processor until finely ground. Add butter, confectioners' sugar, almond extract, and salt. Process until combined.
Place nectarines, cut side up, on a baking sheet, and squeeze lemon over top. Place a generous tablespoon of pistachio mixture on each nectarine half. Chop remaining tablespoon pistachios, and sprinkle on top. Bake until fruit is tender and topping is crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes. Transfer to 4 plates.
Whisk together creme fraiche and granulated sugar. Spoon over nectarines, and serve.


6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
1½ tsp. baking powder
.13 tsp. ground allspice
¾ tsp. salt
1 large egg
.67 c. whole milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¾ lb. plums
¾ lb. nectarines
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. packed light brown sugar
¼ tsp. finely grated orange zest
1 c. all-purpose flour
pinch of salt
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Brush a 9-inch square cake pan or 10-inch cast iron skillet with 2 tablespoons butter; set aside. Whisk together flour, 3/4 cup sugar, the baking powder, allspice, and salt in a medium bowl; set aside.
Whisk together egg, milk, vanilla, and remaining 4 tablespoons butter in another medium bowl. Add egg mixture to flour mixture; stir to combine. Spread batter evenly into buttered pan.
Toss plums, nectarines, lemon juice, remaining 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Spread fruit mixture evenly over batter. Sprinkle with topping. Bake until a cake tester inserted into center comes out with moist crumbs, about 1 hour and 15 minutes. Let cool in pan on a wire rack 1 hour before serving.
To prepare crumble topping:


2 c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. salt
¾ c. sugar
½ c. butter
½ c. buttermilk, yogurt, or milk
2  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
2  ripe bananas
¼ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. dark brown sugar
¼ c. butter
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and sugar. Blend in the melted butter, mixing together until moist. Add 1/4 cup of the buttermilk and combine.
In a separate bowl, combine the other 1/4 cup of buttermilk with the eggs and blend into the flour mixture. Add the vanilla and mashed bananas. Beat for 1 minute. Place the batter in a greased 9- by 13- by 2-inch pan.
To make the topping, squeeze the flour, brown sugar, and butter together with your hands. Crumble the topping evenly over the batter. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes. When the cake is done, an inserted toothpick or fork should come out clean from the center.


½ lb. nectarines
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. granulated sugar
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. Coarse salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1 c. heavy cream
Fine sanding sugar
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine nectarines, lemon juice, and 2 teaspoons granulated sugar. Let stand 15 minutes.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, and remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl. Using a pastry blender, cut in butter until mixture forms small pieces. Stir in cream. Fold in nectarine mixture.
Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. Pat into an 8 1/2-inch round. Using a 2 1/2-inch cutter, cut out 8 rounds, and transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Brush with cream; sprinkle with sanding sugar. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack. Remaining shortcakes can be stored in an airtight container up to 1 day.


½ c. hazelnuts
¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 large egg
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1  sheet frozen puff pastry
2 lb. nectarines
¼ c. apricot preserves
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse hazelnuts, sugar, and flour until finely ground. In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat butter until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Beat in egg and vanilla, then hazelnut mixture.
Unfold pastry onto a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. With an offset spatula, spread hazelnut mixture on pastry, leaving a  1/2-inch border. Shingle nectarines over hazelnut mixture. Bake until pastry is golden and puffed and fruit is tender (if bubbles form in pastry, prick with a knife to deflate), 35 minutes. Brush fruit with preserves; let tart cool 20 minutes before serving.


2½ c. sugar
1 c. light corn syrup
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tsp. liquid glycerin
1½ tsp. salt
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. coffee extract
Vegetable oil cooking spray
Coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray; set aside. In a medium nonstick saucepan, combine sugar, 1 cup water, corn syrup, cornstarch, glycerin, and salt. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring with a wooden spoon to dissolve sugar. Without stirring, cook until mixture registers 275 degrees F (soft-crack stage) on a candy thermometer, about 8 minutes. Remove pan from heat; carefully stir in butter and extracts.
Pour hot mixture onto prepared baking sheet. Allow edges to cool and set slightly; using a metal spatula coated with cooking spray, fold edges toward the middle (this will help cool taffy). When taffy is cool enough to handle but still quite warm, stretch and pull with lightly buttered fingers, folding the taffy over onto itself before pulling again until just starting to firm up, about 20 minutes.
Before taffy cools and hardens too much, pull off rope-like pieces, and using kitchen scissors, make snips along sides. Gently stretch and pull snipped taffy on either end, forming thorny twigs. Snip into 7-inch lengths. Transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet; let cool. Store the taffy twigs in an airtight container at room temperature up to 1 week.


nonstick cooking spray
1 ¼ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
¾ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. vegetable oil
½ c. low-fat buttermilk
1 tbsp. red food coloring
1 ½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. distilled white vinegar
1  egg
4 tbsp. butter
4 tbsp. cream cheese
1 c. powdered sugar
24  raspberries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 24 mini muffin slots with cupcake liners, or spray with cooking spray; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together oil, buttermilk, food coloring, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla, vinegar, and egg. Add flour mixture to egg mixture and stir until well combined.  Spoon batter evenly into muffin cups; bake until cooked through and a toothpick inserted in the middle of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Set aside and cool completely.  In a large bowl, beat together butter and cream cheese with an electric mixer until smooth and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add powdered sugar and remaining 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; beat until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute more. Frost cupcakes, then top each one with a raspberry.


1 pt. strawberries
4  nectarines
½ c. sugar
In a blender, puree strawberries, nectarines, and sugar until smooth. Pressing with a spoon or rubber spatula, pass mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a glass measuring cup (discard solids).
Pour mixture into eight 3-ounce pop molds. Insert sticks, then freeze until firm, at least 4 hours and up to 1 week.


½ c. unsalted butter
1.67 c. all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled)
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. fine salt
1¼ c. sugar
2 large eggs
1½ c. mashed overripe bananas
2 tbsp. sour cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
6 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 5- by 9-inch loaf pan. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar on medium-high until fluffy, 3 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping down bowl as needed. Beat in bananas, sour cream, and vanilla. Beat in flour mixture and chocolate on medium. Pour batter into pan. Bake until a skewer inserted in center of loaf comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes.
Let bread cool in pan 10 minutes. Remove bread from pan and let cool completely on a wire rack.


½ c. butter
1 c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1½ c. unbleached flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1 c. mashed very ripe bananas
½ c. sour cream
1 tsp. vanilla
½ c. chopped walnuts or pecans
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9- by 5- by 3-inch loaf pan; set aside. In an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, and beat to incorporate.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt. Add to the butter mixture, and mix until just combined. Add bananas, sour cream, and vanilla; mix to combine. Stir in nuts, and pour into prepared pan.
Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Let rest in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a rack to cool.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
⅓ c. whole milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
2 medium nectarines
1 c. cold heavy cream
½ c. sour cream
3 tbsp. sugar
1 medium nectarine
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Make the cupcakes: Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir together milk and vanilla.
Beat butter and sugar with a mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. With mixer running, add eggs, 1 at a time. Beat in flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating twice with milk mixture.
Line a standard muffin tin with baking cups. Fill each with 1 tablespoon batter, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped nectarines, and an additional 2 tablespoons batter. Bake until edges begin to turn golden, about 25 minutes. Let cool in tin.
Make the topping:


1 c. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. maple syrup
1 tsp. dark rum
2 c. light brown sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. Coarse salt
2½ lb. nectarines, plums, or apricots
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. cake flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
1 c. unsalted butter
1¾ c. sugar
4 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ c. milk
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Spray five 6- by 3-inch round cake pans or three 12-cup standard muffin tins with cooking spray; if using cake pans, line the bottoms with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray. Divide fruit enhancer evenly among cake pans or muffin tins and spread with an offset spatula to make smooth.
Slice fruit into 1/4-inch wedges. Starting from the inside and working outwards, arrange fruit slices in a fan-like, circular pattern on top of fruit enhancer, using about 2 to 3 pieces fruit per cake. If making mini upside-down cakes, slice fruit into circular, cross-sectional slices about 1/4-inch thick, using one round slice per muffin tin. You can also use thin wedges or slices for the mini upside-down cakes, and arrange in a decorative fashion.
Make cake:
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Beat in eggs, one at a time, and then beat in vanilla. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the milk and beginning and ending with the flour; beat until combined after each addition.
Divide the batter between the prepared pans, and smooth with an offset spatula. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through, until the cakes are golden brown and a cake tester inserted in the centers comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes for the 6-inch cakes, or 20 to 25 minutes for the mini upside-down cakes. Transfer pans to a wire rack to cool 30 minutes, or 20 minutes for minis. Loosen side of cake with small offset spatula or paring knife. Invert cakes onto a rack set atop a baking sheet; peel off the parchment if necessary. Serve warm or cool.


.67 c. sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
¼ tsp. salt
2½ c. milk
4 large egg yolks
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2  bananas
12  shortbread or other vanilla-flavored cookies
Sweetened whipped cream (see Tips)
Have ready a fine-mesh sieve over a medium bowl. In a medium saucepan, off heat, whisk together sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Very gradually (a few tablespoons at a time), whisk in milk, taking care to dissolve cornstarch; whisk in egg yolks.
Whisking constantly, cook mixture over medium heat until the first large bubble forms and sputters. Reduce heat to low; whisking constantly, cook 1 minute. Remove from heat, and immediately pour through sieve into bowl. Stir butter and vanilla into hot pudding. Let pudding cool slightly; meanwhile, slice bananas.
In six 8-ounce glasses, alternately layer warm pudding with cookies and bananas, ending with pudding and covering bananas as completely as you can to prevent discoloration. Refrigerate until set, at least 1 hour, and covered with plastic wrap, up to 2 days.
To serve, top with whipped cream and more crumbled cookies and sliced bananas.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
½ c. cold leaf lard
2 tbsp. cold butter
3 tbsp. ice water
1 package vanilla pudding mix
1½ c. milk
1¼ c. whipped cream
⅓ c. toasted coconut
⅓ c. toasted chopped walnuts
3 small bananas
Make the crust:
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Lightly flour a pastry cloth and roll out dough on cloth, using a covered rolling pin, to a 12-inch round, about 1/8-inch thick. With a dry pastry brush, sweep off excess flour; fit dough into a 9-inch glass pie plate. Trim to a 1/2-inch overhang all around. Fold under and crimp edges.
Prick all over bottom and sides with the tines of a fork. Transfer to oven and bake until golden brown, about 16 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool completely.
Make the filling:
Fold 1/4 cup whipped cream, coconut, walnuts, and bananas into pudding. Pour filling into cooled pie crust, spreading evenly with a spatula. Transfer remaining 1 cup whipped cream to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch star tip (such as Ateco #825). Decoratively pipe whipped cream around edge of pie; sprinkle with coconut and walnuts. Keep pie refrigerated until ready to serve; pie is best served the day it is made.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. baking powder
1 stick cold unsalted butter
2 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
5 tbsp. ice water
½ c. light brown sugar
6 tbsp. all-purpose flour
6 tbsp. almonds
6 tbsp. rolled oats
1 tsp. cinnamon
1 tsp. salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
2¼ lb. assorted stone fruits, such as cherries, apricots, peaches, and plums
⅓ c. sugar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¼ c. cornstarch
vanilla ice cream
In a food processor, combine the flour with the sugar, salt, and baking powder, and pulse to blend. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle the ice water over the mixture and pulse a few times, just until a dough starts to form. Scrape the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and gently knead it a few times. Pat the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate until chilled and firm, at least 2 hours or overnight.
In a bowl, combine the brown sugar with the flour, almonds, oats, cinnamon, and salt. Add the butter and with a pastry cutter or your hands, cut or rub the butter into the mixture evenly. Refrigerate the streusel.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough to a 14-inch round, about 1/8 inch thick. Fold the dough in half and transfer it to a 9-inch glass pie plate. Unfold the dough and gently press it into the plate. Trim the overhanging dough to 1/2 inch and fold it under itself; crimp decoratively. Freeze the pie shell for 10 minutes.
In a large bowl, toss the sliced fruit with the sugar and lemon juice and let stand for 5 minutes to let the sugar dissolve. Stir in the cornstarch. Scrape the fruit into the pie shell in an even layer. Scatter the streusel evenly on top of the fruit.
Bake the fruit pie in the lower third of the oven for about 1 hour and 15 minutes, until the fruit starts to bubble around the sides. Transfer the pie to a wire rack and let cool to room temperature. Cut into wedges and serve with vanilla ice cream.


2 stick unsalted butter
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. baking soda
½ c. granulated sugar
1 c. light brown sugar
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
2 tbsp. milk
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 c. semisweet or bittersweet chocolate
In a medium saucepan, cook the butter over moderate heat until it is browned and nutty-smelling, about 5 minutes. Transfer the butter to a small bowl and let it cool to room temperature.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, and baking soda. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the browned butter with the granulated and light brown sugars at medium speed until light and fluffy, scraping down the bowl halfway through, about 7 minutes. Beat in the whole egg, egg yolk, milk, and vanilla. At low speed, beat in the dry ingredients, scraping down the bowl as needed. Mix in the chopped chocolate. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 3 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Scoop 1/4-cup mounds of cookie dough onto each baking sheet. There should be 6 cookies per sheet. Bake one sheet at a time for about 18 minutes, until the cookies are just firm and golden brown on the bottom. Transfer the sheet to a rack to cool. Repeat to bake the remaining cookies. Serve the cookies warm or at room temperature.


2 tbsp. allspice berries
2 tbsp. black peppercorns
1 tbsp. cumin seeds
1 stick cinnamon
7 whole cloves
2 tbsp. sweet paprika
1 tbsp. chipotle powder
1 tbsp. ancho chile powder
¼ c. kosher salt
¼ c. sugar
1¼ lb. bone-in rib eye steak
4 large cloves garlic
1 large poblano
3 tbsp. fresh lime juice
1 large egg yolk
1  serrano or jalapeño
½ tsp. cumin seeds
1 c. Cilantro leaves
½ c. vegetable oil
vegetable oil
salt
In a small skillet, toast the allspice, peppercorns, cumin seeds, cinnamon, and cloves over moderately high heat until fragrant. Transfer to a spice grinder and let cool completely. Grind to a powder and transfer to a small bowl. Stir in the paprika, chipotle and ancho powders, salt, and sugar. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the adobo rub all over the rib eye and let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap the garlic in foil and bake for about 30 minutes, until soft.
Over an open flame or under a preheated broiler, roast the poblano until charred all over; let cool. Peel, seed and stem the poblano and coarsely chop it. Transfer to a blender. Squeeze the soft garlic cloves from their skins into the blender. Add the lime juice, egg yolk, serrano, cumin, and cilantro, and purée. With the machine on, slowly pour in the 1/2 cup of oil until emulsified. Season with salt.
Light a grill. Oil the grate. Grill the steak over moderately high heat for 6 minutes per side, until charred outside and medium-rare within. Let the steak rest for 5 minutes. Slice and serve with the aioli.


1 package ready-to-use refrigerated pie crusts (2 crusts)
1 package JELL-O Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1 c. cold milk
½ c. thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
1 c. fresh raspberries
½ c. fresh blueberries
Heat oven to 450 degrees F.
Spray 24 mini muffin pan cups lightly with cooking spray. Cut each crust into 12 wedges. Press 1 wedge up and around inside of each prepared cup to form shell, pressing edges of dough together as necessary to completely cover bottom and side of cup. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown; cool slightly. Remove to wire racks; cool completely.
Meanwhile, beat pudding mix and milk in medium bowl with whisk 2 minutes. Stir in COOL WHIP; spoon into resealable plastic bag. Refrigerate until tart shells are cooled.
Cut off one bottom of corner of filling bag; use to fill tart shells. Top with berries just before serving.


1 envelope KNOX Unflavored Gelatine
¼ c. cold water
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1 c. pomegranate juice
2 package JELL-O Raspberry Flavor Gelatin
Sprinkle unflavored gelatine over water in small bowl; let stand 1 minute. Mix 1/4 cup sugar and cornstarch in medium saucepan. Gradually whisk in juice and unflavored gelatine until blended. Bring to boil on medium heat; cook 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Add dry gelatin mixes; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved.
Pour into 9- by 5-inch loaf pan sprayed with cooking spray. Refrigerate 1 hour or until firm.
Unmold. Cut into 24 pieces. Coat with remaining sugar just before serving.


1⅓ c. boiling water
1 package JELL-O Berry Blue Flavor Gelatin
1 package JELL-O Cherry Flavor Gelatin
1 envelope KNOX Unflavored Gelatine
1 c. milk
3 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. vanilla
20  Maraschino cherries with stems
Add 2/3 cup boiling water to berry gelatin mix in small bowl; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Repeat with cherry gelatin mix. Cool.
Meanwhile, sprinkle unflavored gelatine over 1/4 cup milk in medium bowl; let stand 5 minutes. Bring remaining milk to boil in saucepan. Remove from heat; stir in sugar and vanilla. Add to plain gelatine mixture; stir until gelatine is completely dissolved. Cool 10 minutes.
Spoon berry gelatin into 20 (1 ounce each) plastic shot glasses sprayed lightly with cooking spray, adding about 2 teaspoons to each. Refrigerate 15 minutes, or until set but not firm.
Top with unflavored gelatine mixture, adding about 2 teaspoons to each cup. Refrigerate 10 minutes. Insert cherry, stem end up, into white gelatine layer in each cup. Refrigerate 2 minutes.
Cover with cherry gelatin, adding about 2 teaspoons to each cup. Refrigerate 2 hours or until firm. Remove from cups before serving.


1⅓ c. boiling water
1 package JELL-O Strawberry Flavor Gelatin
1 package JELL-O Berry Blue Flavor Gelatin
1 package JELL-O Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
2 c. cold milk
Add 2/3 cup boiling water to each flavor gelatin mix in separate small bowls; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Pour each flavor gelatin into separate 8- by 4-inch loaf pan sprayed with cooking spray. Refrigerate 1 hour or until firm.
Unmold gelatins; cut into 1/2-inch cubes. Beat pudding mix and milk in medium bowl with whisk 2 minutes. Add gelatin cubes; stir gently.
Spoon into 8 (5 ounces each) paper cups. Insert wooden popstick into center of each. Freeze 4 hours or until firm. Peel off cups before serving.


1½ tbsp. butter
¼ c. dry JELL-O Lemon Flavor Gelatin
4 c. JET-PUFFED Miniature Marshmallows
3 c. crisp rice cereal
1 package JELL-O Lemon Flavor Instant Pudding
1½ c. cold milk
5  fresh strawberries
Microwave butter in large microwaveable bowl on high 30 seconds, or until melted. Add dry gelatin mix and marshmallows; toss to coat. Microwave 1 minute or until marshmallows are completely melted and mixture is blended, stirring after 45 seconds. Add cereal; mix well.
Press cereal mixture onto bottom and up side of 9-inch pie plate sprayed with cooking spray.
Beat pudding mix and milk with whisk 2 minutes; pour into crust. Refrigerate 2 hours or until firm. Garnish with strawberries.


1 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
⅓ c. sour cream
1 lb. sweet potatoes
1 c. packed dark brown sugar
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground allspice
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
1 tsp. salt
4  eggs
1 c. heavy cream
¼ c. butter
In a medium bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, and salt. Use a pastry cutter or your fingers to combine butter with dry ingredients until the butter is pea-sized. Add sour cream and mix just until incorporated.
Scrape dough onto a lightly floured board and knead together briefly. Shape dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before rolling out.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Roll dough on a lightly floured surface into a circle slightly larger than the 9-inch pie pan. Fit dough into pie pan and trim edges. Line dough with aluminum foil and pie weights (or dried beans). Bake 15 minutes. Remove pie crust from oven and carefully remove foil and weights. Cool pie crust on a rack.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor fitted with a metal blade, pureé sweet potatoes. In a large bowl, mix together brown sugar, cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg, and salt, breaking up any lumps. In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs and cream. Stir pureed sweet potatoes into brown sugar mixture. Add egg and cream mixture, stir to combine thoroughly, then mix in melted butter. Pour filling into par-baked pie crust. Bake approximately 45 minutes, until filling is set in the center.




1 can sliced mango
1 package mango gelatin
2 c. boiling water
5 oz. raspberries
1 package raspberry gelatin
1 c. cold water
1¼ c. heavy cream
Drain mango in sieve over small bowl; reserve liquid. Measure 1/4 cup mango slices and reserve. Divide remaining mango slices among eight 6-ounce glasses.
Combine mango gelatin with 1 cup of the boiling water in medium pitcher, stirring until it dissolves; stir gelatin into reserved mango liquid. Divide evenly among glasses over mango, cover; refrigerate about 2 hours or until gelatin sets.
Divide raspberries among glasses over gelatin. Combine raspberry gelatin and remaining cup of the boiling water in medium pitcher, stirring until it dissolves; stir in the cold water. Divide evenly among glasses over raspberries. Cover; refrigerate about 2 hours or until gelatin sets.
Beat cream in small bowl with electric mixer until soft peaks form. Using rubber spatula, spread equally among glasses; top with reserved mango.


¾ c. buttermilk
¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
¼ c. all-purpose flour
.13 tsp. salt
4 c. chopped nectarines
Whisk buttermilk, sugar, eggs, all-purpose flour, and salt in bowl until smooth.
Spread chopped nectarines in refrigerated ready-to-use piecrust placed in 9-inch pie plate. Add buttermilk mixture.
Bake 40 minutes or until just set, covering edges if over-browning. Cool completely.


1 lb. strawberries
1 bunch fresh mint leaves
½ c. water
¼ c. sugar
3  kiwis
1 c. cantaloupe chunks
In 2-quart saucepan, combine 1 bunch fresh mint leaves, water, and sugar.
Heat to boiling on high. Remove from heat. Cool completely; strain and discard mint. In large bowl, combine cooled syrup with strawberries, kiwis, and cantaloupe chunks.
Refrigerate at least 30 minutes or up to 8 hours.


1 lb. strawberries
½ c. water
¼ c. light corn syrup
¼ c. sugar
1 pinch salt
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
In 3-quart saucepan, stir strawberries, water, light corn syrup, sugar, and salt. Heat to boiling on high, stirring.
Reduce heat to simmer 2 minutes or until strawberries are soft. Puree in blender until smooth.
With spatula, push puree through fine-mesh strainer set over medium bowl. Stir in fresh lemon juice. Serve with pancakes, waffles, or pound cake.


1 c. chunky or creamy peanut butter
¾ c. packed light brown sugar
1 large egg
¾ tsp. baking soda
Heat oven to 350°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
Using an electric mixer, beat all ingredients in a large bowl until fully incorporated.
Drop level teaspoonfuls of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 1 1/2 in. apart. Bake until the cookies are puffed and starting to lightly brown around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool on the sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.


30  chocolate wafer cookies (such as Nabisco Famous Wafers)
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
¼ c. cornstarch
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
3 c. whole milk
4 large egg yolks
3  bananas
1 c. heavy cream
Cocoa, for dusting
Heat oven to 375°F. In a food processor, pulse the chocolate wafers to form fine crumbs. Add the butter and pulse to combine. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-in. pie plate. Bake until the crust is set and fragrant, 10 to 12 minutes.
Meanwhile, melt the chocolate in the microwave according to package directions.
In a medium saucepan, whisk together the cornstarch, salt and 1/2 cup sugar. Add the milk and whisk until fully incorporated; whisk in the egg yolks. Over medium-low heat, whisking often, bring the mixture to a simmer (it will take 12 to 15 minutes). Continue to simmer, gently whisking, until the mixture has thickened, 2 minutes more. Remove from heat and whisk in the chocolate until fully incorporated.
Pour half the chocolate pudding mixture into the crust. Cut the bananas in half lengthwise and arrange them cutside down across the pie, cutting the ends as necessary to fit. Top with the remaining pudding and smooth the top. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface and refrigerate until chilled, at least 4 hours and up to 1 day.
Ten minutes before serving, using an electric mixer, beat the cream and remaining 2 Tbsp sugar in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Spread the whipped cream over the pie. Dust with cocoa, if desired.


½  frozen poundcake
½ lb. strawberries (about 12)
2 c. Ice cream
Heat grill to medium-high. Clean the grill, then lightly oil.
Thread the poundcake and strawberries onto skewers and grill, turning occasionally, until the poundcake is slightly charred, about 1 minute.
Serve the kebabs with the ice cream.


1 pt. fresh raspberries
1½ lb. rhubarb
1½ c. sugar
⅓ c. instant tapioca
½ tsp. salt
1 pinch salt
1 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. cake flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
¾ c. plain whole-milk yogurt
2 to 3 tbsp. tablespoons heavy cream
Juice of 1/2 a lemon
Zest of 1/2 a lemon
Sanding sugar
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F with rack in center. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper; set aside. In a large bowl, toss together raspberries, rhubarb, 1 1/4 cups sugar, tapioca, lemon juice, and a pinch of salt; stir to combine. Let stand 15 minutes, stirring once or twice. Divide filling among six 10-ounce baking dishes.
In a medium bowl, whisk together both flours, remaining 1/4 cup sugar, baking powder, baking soda, lemon zest, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon salt. Using a pastry blender, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add yogurt, and stir with a fork to form a moist dough with the consistency of thick cake batter. Using a large spoon, top filling with dollops of dough, leaving a 1-inch border.
Brush tops of dough with cream; sprinkle lightly with sanding sugar. Transfer baking dishes to prepared baking sheet; bake, rotating sheet halfway through, until biscuits are golden brown and juices are bubbling, 50 to 60 minutes. (If the biscuits are browning too quickly, cover loosely with aluminum foil during the last 15 minutes of baking.) Cool on a wire rack, at least 1 hour. Serve warm or at room temperature.


1  sheet frozen puff pastry
all-purpose flour
¾ c. ground toasted walnuts
3 tbsp. light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
salt
1 large egg
4  apricots
12 oz. fresh blackberries
¼ c. granulated sugar
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Roll out pastry to a 13-by-15-inch rectangle on a lightly floured surface; trim edges with a knife. Transfer to a baking sheet; freeze for at least 30 minutes or overnight.
Combine walnuts, brown sugar, cornstarch, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Brush pastry with egg wash, avoiding edges so that egg doesn't drip over sides. Score a line around edge of pastry using a knife to create a  3/4-inch border (do not cut all the way through). Cover center with walnut mixture. Arrange apricots and blackberries on top. Sprinkle with granulated sugar.
Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Bake until pastry is golden brown and fruit is soft, about 30 minutes more. Let cool.


½ c. unsalted butter
¼ c. sugar
.3 c. sugar
1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. Coarse salt
⅓ c. blanched whole almonds
1 tsp. unflavored gelatin
1 tbsp. cold water
½ c. heavy cream
3 tbsp. sugar
.13 tsp. salt
1 c. low-fat buttermilk
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
3 c. fresh blueberries
Make the crust: With an electric mixer on low speed, beat butter and 1/4 cup sugar until just combined, about 15 seconds. Add flour and salt, and beat until dough comes together, about 3 minutes. Shape into a disk.
Pulse remaining 1/3 cup sugar and the almonds in a food processor until finely ground. Scatter half of the almond mixture onto a clean work surface, and place dough on top. Scatter the remaining almond mixture on top, and roll out dough, resprinkling with almond mixture and incorporating into dough, until dough measures an 11-inch square.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Fit dough into a 9-inch square tart pan with removable bottom, pressing into bottom and up sides. Trim dough flush with rim. Refrigerate until firm, at least 30 minutes (or up to 1 day).
Bake tart shell, occasionally pressing bottom to flatten using the bottom of a glass, until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool.
Make the filling: Sprinkle gelatin over cold water in a small bowl; let stand until softened, about 5 minutes.
Heat cream, sugar, and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar and salt. Add gelatin mixture, and stir until it has dissolved. Remove from heat; let cool. Stir in buttermilk and lemon juice.
Remove tart from pan. Spread custard into crust. Refrigerate until custard is slightly set, about 15 minutes. Scatter blueberries evenly over top. Refrigerate until custard is firm, about 2 hours (or up to 1 day). Cut into squares to serve.


9  graham crackers
2 tbsp. sugar
¼ c. sugar
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
6 oz. bar cream cheese
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¾ c. heavy cream
1 lb. fresh sweet cherries
1 tbsp. seedless raspberry jam
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse graham crackers and 2 tablespoons sugar until finely ground. Add butter, and process until combined. Transfer mixture to a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom. Using the base of a dry measuring cup, firmly press mixture into bottom and up sides of pan. Bake until browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, using an electric mixer on medium speed, beat cream cheese, vanilla, and remaining 1/4 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Gradually add cream, and beat until soft peaks form; spread mixture in cooled crust. Scatter cherries on top.
In a small saucepan, combine jam and 1 teaspoon water; heat over low until liquefied, about 2 minutes. Using a pastry brush, dab cherries with glaze. Refrigerate tart at least 30 minutes or, covered, up to 1 day.


½ c. unsalted butter
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1 c. buttermilk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ c. sugar
2 c. chopped rhubarb
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 large egg
Preheat oven to 350  degrees F. Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking dish; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, and salt; set aside. In a liquid measuring cup, combine buttermilk and vanilla; set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer or using a handheld mixer, beat butter with 1 cup sugar until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add egg, and beat to combine. Add the flour mixture, alternating with the buttermilk mixture, and starting and ending with the flour mixture. Stir in rhubarb.
Spread batter evenly into prepared baking dish. In a small bowl, stir together remaining 1/4 cup sugar and cinnamon. Sprinkle cinnamon sugar evenly over batter. Bake until a cake tester inserted in center of cake comes out clean, about 35 minutes.
Let cool on a wire rack in pan for 30 minutes before serving.


½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. sugar
pinch of salt
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. sliced almonds
¾ c. heavy cream
¾ c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. almond extract
½ tsp. Grand Marnier
pinch of salt
Prepare the crust: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F with rack in center. Butter a 10-inch tart pan with a removable bottom; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk to combine flour, sugar, and salt. In a small glass measuring cup, stir together butter, vanilla, and 1/2 tablespoon water; pour over flour mixture. Stir to combine. With floured hands, press dough into prepared pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove tart shell from oven, and reduce heat to 350 degrees.
Prepare the filling: In a large bowl, stir together almonds, heavy cream, sugar, egg, almond extract, Grand Marnier, and salt. Pour filling into crust. Bake tart on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet until golden brown, about 45 minutes.


¾ c. sugar
12 oz. rhubarb
1 c. whole milk
½ c. heavy cream
⅓ c. all-purpose flour
unsalted butter
2 large eggs
1 large egg yolk
Coarse salt
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter six 5 1/2-inch gratin dishes (1 inch deep), and dust with sugar; arrange on a rimmed baking sheet. Toss rhubarb with 1/4 cup sugar, and divide among dishes. Cover each first with parchment and then with foil, and bake until rhubarb is just beginning to release liquid and soften, about 30 minutes. Leave oven on.
Puree milk, cream, flour, eggs and yolk, remaining  1/2 cup sugar, and  1/2 teaspoon salt in a blender until smooth. Divide mixture evenly among dishes. Bake, uncovered, until just set, 22 to 24 minutes. Let cool for 20 minutes.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. sugar
Coarse salt
1½ stick unsalted butter
1 lb. rhubarb
1¾ c. sugar
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
Coarse salt
½ tsp. finely grated orange zest
1 tbsp. fresh orange juice
2 large eggs
1 c. sour cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Make the cake:
Whisk together flour, baking powder, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt. Beat remaining stick butter and cup sugar with a mixer on medium speed until pale and fluffy. Beat in zest and juice. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, until incorporated, scraping down sides of bowl. Beat in flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with sour cream, until smooth. Spread evenly over rhubarb. Crumble topping evenly over batter.
Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean and top springs back when touched, about 1 hour. Let cool for 10 minutes. Run a knife around edge of cake, and invert onto a wire rack. Let cool completely.


18 tbsp. unsalted butter
1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
1¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
12 sprig fresh lemon thyme
Finely grated zest of 1 lemon (about 2 teaspoons zest)
6 large eggs

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with rack in lower third. Butter six (1-cup) molds of a mini angel food cake pan or mini bundt pan. Dust with flour, and tap out excess. Pick 2 teaspoons small sprigs from tops of lemon thyme sprigs, and divide evenly among molds; set aside. Coarsely chop remaining lemon thyme leaves to make 2 tablespoons; whisk chopped lemon thyme with the flour, salt, and lemon zest in a small bowl. Set aside.
Put butter into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Cream on medium speed until pale and fluffy, scraping down sides of bowl as needed, about 4 minutes. Add sugar. Mix until pale and fluffy, scraping down sides of bowl as needed, about 3 minutes.
Mix in vanilla. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition; mix until smooth. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture in 3 batches, mixing until just combined after each addition.
Spoon batter over lemon thyme in prepared molds. Smooth tops using a small rubber spatula. Firmly tap the pan on counter to eliminate any air bubbles. Bake until a cake tester inserted into centers comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Let cakes cool slightly in pan on a wire rack, about 10 minutes. Run a knife around edges of molds to loosen; unmold cakes. Place each cake on a serving plate, and drizzle with about 1 tablespoon syrup. Garnish with lemon thyme sprig.


1 lb. strawberries
⅓ c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
¾ c. heavy cream
6 tbsp. butter
½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. sliced almonds
¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. yellow cornmeal
Make the shortcakes:
In a food processor, blend 1/2 cup sliced almonds with sugar until finely ground. Add butter, eggs, vanilla, and salt; process until combined, scraping down sides of bowl as necessary (mixture may appear curdled at this point). Add flour and cornmeal; pulse just until moistened.
Divide batter evenly among prepared muffin tins; sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup sliced almonds. Bake until golden and a toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool cakes 5 minutes in pan; remove from pan, and transfer to a rack to cool completely.
Make the filling:
In another medium bowl, using an electric mixer, whip cream with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar until soft peaks form.
With a serrated knife, split cooled shortcakes horizontally. Place bottom halves on serving plates. Dividing evenly, layer with sweetened strawberries and whipped cream; cover with shortcake tops.


¾ c. Muscat wine
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
12 sprig fresh lemon thyme
Stir wine, sugar, lemon thyme, and 1/4 cup water in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer 20 minutes.
Pour syrup through a fine sieve into a bowl; discard lemon thyme. Let cool slightly, about 5 minutes, before serving. Syrup can be refrigerated in an airtight container up to 1 week; reheat over medium-low heat before serving.


1 container raspberries
1¼ c. sugar
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
4 large egg yolks
1 stick unsalted butter
1 pinch salt
Whisk all ingredients in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water until slightly thick, 8 to 10 minutes. Strain; refrigerate until cold and thick.


3 c. all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled)
1 c. sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. fine salt
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. raisins
⅓ c. dark rum
3 large eggs
2 tsp. finely grated orange zest
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Using an electric mixer, beat in eggs and vanilla until combined. Combine raisins and rum. Microwave 2 minutes; let cool. Add rum-raisin mixture and orange zest and beat until combined.
Divide dough in half and transfer to a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet. Form each half into a 2 1/2-inch-wide, 3/4-inch-tall log. Bake until dough is firm but gives slightly when pressed, 20 to 25 minutes, rotating sheet halfway through. Let cool on sheet on a wire rack, 20 minutes.
With a serrated knife, cut logs into 1/4-inch slices on the diagonal and arrange, cut side down, on two parchment-lined rimmed baking sheets. Bake until biscotti are crisp and golden, about 15 minutes, rotating sheets and flipping biscotti halfway through. Let cool on sheets on wire racks.


1 tsp. white vinegar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
6 large egg whites
½ tsp. salt
2 c. sugar
2 c. Crème fraîche
1 container raspberries
Vegetable oil cooking spray
Gel-paste food coloring in Tulip Red

Preheat oven to 225 degrees F. Line every other cup of 2 nonstick 12-cup muffin tins with baking cups; coat with cooking spray. Whisk egg whites, vinegar, vanilla, and salt with a mixer on medium-high speed until frothy. Add 1 3/4 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating for 1 minute after each addition, making sure the sugar dissolves. Beat until stiff, glossy peaks form. Mix in 6 drops food coloring.
Transfer mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a plain coupler (no tip), and pipe into prepared baking cups, about 2 inches above rims, finishing with a peak in the centers. Bake, rotating halfway through, 3 to 3 hours and 20 minutes. (Cupcakes should be completely dry on the outside but still soft in the middle. A toothpick inserted horizontally at base of top should have moist but cooked crumbs attached.) Transfer cupcakes in baking cups to wire racks; let cool completely.
Beat crème fraîche and remaining cup sugar in a clean mixer bowl on medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Carefully slice off tops of cupcakes using a serrated knife. (Run the knife just above the liner and slowly work your way to the center.) Top each cupcake with 2 tablespoons raspberry curd, a few raspberries, and 2 tablespoons crème fraîche mixture. Replace tops, and serve immediately.


Cooking spray
1 tbsp. instant espresso powder
6 oz. bittersweet chocolate
6 large eggs
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. granulated sugar
unsweetened cocoa
1 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. confectioners’ sugar
1 tbsp. coffee liqueur (optional)
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly coat a 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-in. jelly-roll pan with cooking spray and line the bottom with parchment, leaving a 2-in. overhang on two sides; lightly coat the parchment.
Microwave 3 Tbsp water in a medium glass bowl until very hot, 20 seconds. Add the espresso and stir to dissolve. Add the chocolate and microwave until beginning to melt, 30 seconds. Stir until the chocolate is melted and fully incorporated; set aside.
Using an electric mixer, beat the egg yolks, salt and 1/4 cup granulated sugar in a large bowl until thick and pale yellow, about 3 minutes. Add the chocolate mixture and beat until fully incorporated.
In a second large bowl, using an electric mixer and clean beaters, beat the egg whites until foamy. Gradually beat in the remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar until stiff, glossy peaks form. Mix a third of the egg white mixture into the chocolate-yolk mixture. Gently fold in the remaining whites just until incorporated (do not overmix).
Spread the batter into the prepared pan and bake until the cake is puffed, it’s dry on top and a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 15 to 18 minutes.
While the cake is still hot, dust the top heavily with the cocoa (at least 2 Tbsp). Place a clean kitchen towel directly on top, then a baking sheet on top of that. Invert the cake, then remove the pan and parchment paper. Starting from a short side, gently roll up the cake with the towel. Place seam-side down on a wire rack and let cool completely, about 45 minutes.
When ready to assemble, using an electric mixer, beat the heavy cream and confectioners’ sugar in a bowl until soft peaks form. Add the liqueur (if using); beat until stiff peaks form. Carefully unroll the cake, leaving it on the towel (there may be cracking). Spread with the whipped cream, reroll into a log and place on a serving plate. Serve or refrigerate for up to 1 day (dust with more cocoa if needed).


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. granulated sugar
1¼ c. unsalted butter
2 large eggs
1 tbsp. lemon zest
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¼ c. whole milk
3 c. confectioners’ sugar
white sanding sugar
12  Good & Fruity or Good & Plenty candies or jelly beans

After making the
Using an electric mixer, beat the granulated sugar and 1/2 cup (1 stick) butter in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Mix in the zest, vanilla and 1 Tbsp lemon juice.
Reduce the mixer speed to low and alternately add the flour mixture and the milk, mixing just until incorporated.
Divide the batter among the muffin cups (about 1/4 cup each). Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Let
cupcakes cool for 5 minutes in the tin, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
Meanwhile, using an electric mixer, beat the confectioners’ sugar and the remaining 3/4 cup (1 1/2 sticks) butter and Tbsp lemon juice until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.
One at a time, frost the cupcakes (about 3 Tbsp frosting each), then immediately dip in the sanding sugar to coat completely.
Arrange the wings on the cupcakes: Lightly insert the pointy ends of a pair of bottom (smaller) wings into the center of a cupcake. Repeat with two top (larger) wings.
Dab a bit of frosting where the wings meet, and place a piece of candy on top to form the butterfly’s body.


½ tsp. cornstarch
½ tsp. water
6 oz. fresh or frozen raspberries
2 oz. fresh or frozen blueberries
¼ c. fresh orange juice
¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
1  salt
In a small bowl, dissolve the cornstarch in the water.
In a medium saucepan, combine the berries with the orange juice, sugar, and salt and bring to a simmer over moderate heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the dissolved cornstarch and simmer until the liquid is slightly thickened, about 30 seconds.
Using an immersion blender, gently blend until a thick sauce forms. Serve chilled.


3 tbsp. coconut oil
1 bag marshmallows
¾ c. creamy peanut butter
7 oz. Rice Krispies Gluten Free with Brown Rice
Lightly grease a 9- by 13-inch baking pan with coconut oil. In a large pot, melt the 3 tablespoons of coconut oil. Add the marshmallows and cook thoroughly over low heat, stirring constantly, until they are melted, about 5 minutes. Add the creamy peanut butter and stir until incorporated. Remove the pot from the heat and immediately add the Rice Krispies. Using a wooden spoon or firm spatula, stir to coat them completely. Scrape the mixture into the prepared baking pan and, using a sheet of wax paper, press evenly on the mixture to compact it. Let the Rice Krispie treats cool completely, then cut them into squares and serve.




1¼ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. superfine sugar
1 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. buttermilk
½ c. canola oil
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
1½ tbsp. liquid red food coloring
1 tsp. distilled white vinegar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ c. bittersweet chocolate chips
4 large egg whites
¼ tsp. cream of tartar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
.67 c. superfine sugar
Cupcakes:
To the large bowl of a stand mixer (or in a bowl with a hand mixer), add buttermilk, oil, egg and egg yolk, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla and beat until well blended, about 2 minutes. With mixer on low speed, slowly beat in flour mixture until blended. Stir in 1/2 cup of the chocolate chips. Fill muffin cups two-thirds full; sprinkle tops of cupcakes with remaining 1/4 cup chocolate chips. Bake 20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center of cupcake comes out clean. Let cool in pan on a wire rack 10 minutes; remove from pan and cool completely on rack.
Frosting:


½ c. pecan pieces
1  ready-to-fill chocolate-flavored crumb crust
17  individually wrapped square caramels (5 oz, 3⁄4 cup)
¼ c. canned evaporated milk (not sweetened condensed)
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
3 tbsp. stick butter
Decoration: slightly sweetened whipped cream
Sprinkle pecans on crust.
Caramel Layer: Put caramels in a bowl  with the evaporated milk. Microwave (see Tip), stirring every 10  seconds, until caramels are melted and mixture is smooth. Pour over  pecans.


Canola oil nonstick cooking spray
1 tsp. instant coffee powder or granules
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. unsweetened cocoa
½ c. all-purpose flour
1¼ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. baking powder
1 c. sugar
¼ c. trans-fat free vegetable oil spread (60-to-70-percent oil)
3 large egg whites
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8-inch square metal baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.
In a cup, dissolve the coffee in the vanilla extract.
On waxed paper, combine the cocoa, flour, salt, and baking powder. In a medium bowl, whisk the sugar, vegetable oil spread, egg whites, and coffee mixture until well mixed. Then blend in the flour mixture. Spread in the prepared pan.
Bake until a toothpick inserted in the brownies 2 inches from the edge comes out almost clean, 22 to 24 minutes. Cool in the pan on a wire rack, about 2 hours.
When cool, cut the brownies into 4 strips, then cut each strip crosswise into 4 squares. If the brownies are difficult to cut, dip the knife in hot water, wipe dry and cut. Repeat the dipping and drying as necessary.


2 c. white whole wheat flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ c. packed brown sugar
2 large egg whites
1 large egg
1½ c. ripe bananas
⅓ c. low-fat buttermilk
3 tbsp. vegetable oil
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat 9- by 5-inch loaf pan with nonstick baking spray.
In medium bowl, whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium-high speed, beat sugar, egg whites, and egg until almost doubled in volume. On medium speed, beat in bananas, buttermilk, and oil until well combined.
With rubber spatula, gently fold in flour mixture until just combined.
Pour batter into prepared pan, smoothing top. Bake 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
Let cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. Remove from pan and let cool completely on wire rack. Can be stored, tightly wrapped, at room temperature up to 3 days or in freezer up to 1 month.


3 tbsp. corn syrup
2 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
2 c. peanuts
12 oz. semisweet chocolate
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In large bowl, combine corn syrup, sugar, and salt. Stir in peanuts to evenly coat. Spread in single layer on parchment paper-lined jelly-roll pan.
Bake 15 minutes or until browned and caramelized. Cool completely.
Stir into melted chocolate until well coated. Spread evenly on waxed paper-lined pan. Refrigerate until set.


½ c. milk-chocolate chips
1 pt. Ice cream
.67 c. frozen whipped topping
Liquid food colors (optional)
Garnish: 4 Keebler Bug Bites cinnamon graham crackers, decorated (directions follow)
Using 32 foil baking cups with paper liners, assemble 4 stacks (8 cups in each), with a foil cup on top.
Melt chocolate as package  directs. Brush inside of the top foil cups with chocolate. Freeze until set.
Drop 1 scoop ice cream into each chocolate cup; remove from stack, return to freezer.
If tinting topping, divide between cups and tint pastel colors. Spoon into ziptop bags, cut a corner off each and pipe topping on ice cream. Decorate with a cookie.
Mix 1⁄2 cup confectioners' sugar and 2 tsp water until smooth. Divide among 5 cups (about 2 tsp each). Leave 1 white; tint others with food color. Spoon each into a small ziptop bag; snip a tiny tip off 1 corner. Pipe features; let dry.


1½ lb. Granny Smith apples
¾ c. packed light-brown sugar
1 tbsp. unsalted stick butter
6 oz. cream cheese
1 large egg
¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. apple juice
3 tbsp. each oil and unsweetened cocoa powder
1½ tsp. cider vinegar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. each baking soda and cinnamon
¼ tsp. salt
Heat oven to 350°F. Line 12 regular-size (21/2-in.-diameter) muffin cups with paper liners.
Heat a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Stir in apples, 1/4 cup brown sugar and the butter. Cook, stirring once, 5 minutes or until apples are caramelized. Let cool.
Meanwhile beat cream cheese, 1/4 cup brown sugar and the egg in a small bowl with mixer on medium speed 1 minute or until smooth, light and fluffy. Set aside.
Put remaining 1/4 cup brown sugar and rest of ingredients (except cooked apples) in a medium bowl; stir with a whisk until well blended. Divide evenly among muffin cups. Top each with 1 Tbsp apples, 1 heaping Tbsp cream cheese mixture, then the remaining apples.
Bake 30 minutes or until cheese mixture has puffed and set. Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes before removing from pan to rack to cool completely. Remove paper liners before serving.


1 stick unsalted butter
1 c. water
½ c. oil
2 c. each all-purpose flour and sugar
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. milk
2 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Heat oven to 350ºF. Coat two 8 x 2-in. round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray, line bottoms with wax paper and spray the paper.
Heat butter, water and oil in small saucepan just until butter is melted; remove from heat and let cool to lukewarm.
Meanwhile, mix flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in large bowl with whisk. Whisk milk, eggs and vanilla into butter mixture.
Add liquid to flour mixture all at once; whisk to blend. Divide batter between prepared pans.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool cakes in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Run small knife or spatula around edge of cakes to release. Invert cakes onto wire rack, remove wax paper and cool completely.


32  mint creme–filled chocolate sandwich cookies
1/4 c. plus 2 Tbsp chocolate ice cream topping
8 c.  mint chocolate chip ice cream
Coat a 9-in. pie plate with nonstick spray. Have ready a small ice cream scoop.
Pulse 16 cookies in food processor until fine crumbs. Add 1/4 cup topping; process until crumbs are moistened. Press on bottom and sides of pie plate. Freeze 30 minutes until firm.
Cut 8 cookies in half. Scoop 1/2 the ice cream into crust to cover, placing scoops close together. Scatter with cookie halves; press them slightly into ice cream. Freeze 1 hour or until firm.
Cut rest of cookies in halves or quarters. Top pie with scoops of remaining ice cream, then cookie pieces.
Spoon 2 Tbsp topping into a qt-size ziptop bag. Cut tip off 1 corner and pipe over pie. Freeze 3 hours or until firm.


20  chocolate sandwich cookies
2 tbsp. instant coffee granules
½ stick  butter
.67 c. bottled hot fudge topping
2½ tbsp. coffee-flavor liqueur (such as Kahlua), or very strong coffee
1 qt. vanilla ice cream
1 qt. java chip ice cream (Starbucks)
Garnish: chocolate espresso beans, chopped
Coat a 9-in. pie plate with nonstick spray.
Make Crust: Process cookies and coffee granules in food processor until fine crumbs form. Add butter; process until crumbs are moistened. Press over bottom and up sides of pie plate. Freeze 30 minutes until firm.
Make Glaze: Mix ingredients in a small bowl until blended. Transfer 1/3 cup to a small ziptop bag; seal bag. Cover bowl with plastic wrap; set aside.
Make Pie: Spread the 2 cups softened vanilla ice cream in crust; freeze 30 minutes until firm. Meanwhile, slightly soften 2 cups java chip ice cream. Spread evenly on vanilla ice cream. Cut tip off 1 corner of ziptop bag; pipe Glaze over ice cream. Freeze 30 minutes until glaze and ice cream are firm.


1½ stick  butter
1⅓ c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ tsp. cinnamon
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. each allspice, baking powder and salt
2 large eggs
1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 c. old-fashioned oats
2 c. coarsely grated
¾ c. golden raisins
Garnish: dried apple chips
Heat oven to 375°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
In a large bowl with mixer on medium speed, beat butter, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, baking soda, allspice, baking powder and salt 3 minutes or until fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time until blended.
On low speed, beat in flour just until combined. Stir in oats, apples and raisins. Drop level 1/4 cups dough about 4 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 17 minutes, placing an apple chip on each cookie after 15 minutes, until cookies are golden. Remove to a wire rack to cool.


2 c.  semisweet chocolate chips
2 stick  unsalted butter
6 large eggs
Heat oven to 425 degrees. Coat an 8 x 3-in. cake pan with nonstick spray. Line bottom with wax paper; spray paper. Have a larger roasting pan ready.
Melt chips and butter together; stir until well blended.
Beat eggs in a large bowl with mixer on high 7 minutes, or until tripled and soft peaks form. Fold in chocolate mixture until blended. Pour into cake pan.
Place large pan in oven; place cake pan inside. Pour boiling water into roasting pan to come halfway up sides of cake pan. Cover cake pan loosely with foil; bake 40 minutes. (Cake looks soft but sets when cold.
Cool cake in pan on a wire rack. Cover and refrigerate 3 hours, or until firm. Invert on serving platter; shake down sharply to release cake. Peel off paper.
If desired, lay five 3/4-in.-wide strips of paper 3/4 in. apart on cake. Sift cocoa between strips; carefully lift paper. Repeat in opposite direction, this time sifting on confectioners' sugar.


1 box  Bonne Maman raspberry tartlets
¼ c. pineapple All Fruit spreadable fruit
8 oz. fresh raspberries (approximately)
Place tartlets on a serving plate. Spread All Fruit evenly to rim.
Top with raspberries. Refrigerate until serving.
Different Takes: Stir finely chopped candied ginger into the All Fruit. Sprinkle with chopped macadamia nuts before adding the berries. Substitute blackberries for the raspberries.


Peel from 3 navel oranges
1¼ c. granulated sugar
2 stick  butter
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
Whites from 5 large eggs (save yolks for another use)
2½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. orange juice mixed with 1⁄4 cup milk
2 c. granulated sugar
2 c. water
2  navel oranges, preferably thin-skinned
6 oz. white chocolate
2 stick butter
2½ c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tbsp. grated orange peel
¼ c. orange juice
Garnish: fresh mint sprig
Heat oven to 325°F. Coat two 8-in. round cake pans with nonstick spray. Line bottoms with wax paper; grease paper.
Make Cake: Process orange peel and sugar in a food processor until peel is chopped.
Beat butter, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with mixer on high speed until smooth. Gradually add orange sugar; beat until pale and creamy. Beat in egg whites 1 at a time. Beat, scraping down sides of bowl twice, until mixture is fluffy.
On low speed add flour in 3 additions alternating with juice mixture in 2 additions, beating until blended after each. Divide batter between prepared pans; smooth tops.
Bake 30 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in centers of cakes comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes before inverting on rack to cool completely.
Meanwhile make Candied Orange Slices: Bring sugar and water to a boil in a wide skillet. Add slices, reduce heat and simmer, moving slices so they cook evenly, 35 minutes or until translucent. Cool in the syrup.
Make Frosting: Beat ingredients in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until blended. Beat on medium-high 1 to 2 minutes until fluffy. If needed, refrigerate frosting briefly until firm enough to spread.
Place 1 cake layer flat side up on serving plate. Spread top evenly with 1⁄2 cup frosting. Remove all but 7 orange slices from liquid; place on double layer of paper towels to drain. Arrange slices, overlapping, in circles on frosting; spread with 1⁄2 cup frosting. Top with remaining cake layer, flat side up. Spread top and sides of cake with a thin layer frosting to set any crumbs; refrigerate 20 minutes.
Cut 3 reserved orange slices in half, remaining 4 slices in quarters. Swirl rest of frosting over cake. Arrange half slices on middle; press quarter slices around side. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving.


6 small ripe,  firm pears with stems
1 tbsp. lemon juice
1 c. sugar
3 slice lemon
12 oz.  fresh or unsweetened frozen raspberries
½ c. sugar
1 c. vanilla ice cream
Garnish: 6 mint sprigs
Have ready a pot large enough to hold pears upright.
Poach Pears: Half-fill a large bowl with cold water. Stir in lemon juice. Peel pears, leaving stems on. Add to bowl to prevent browning.
Bring 3 cups water, the sugar and lemon slices to boil in pot. Add  pears, reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 to 25 minutes until tender when  pierced at bottom.
Cool in pot (discard lemon); refrigerate in syrup until cold.
Make Raspberry Sauce: Stir berries through a strainer to make a seedless purée. Stir in sugar.
To serve: Pierce a hole in top of pears; insert mint. Spoon Raspberry Sauce on one side of each of 6 dessert plates, Vanilla Sauce on other side. With a pick, draw a spiral through both sauces. Set pear in  center.


.67 c. Pecan halves
3 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
3 stick  unsalted butter
1¼ c. confectioners’ sugar
2½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. each seedless red raspberry jam and apricot jam
You also need: 2-in. and 1-in. star cookie cutters
Toast nuts in a 350°F oven 5 to 7 minutes until fragrant. Cool completely.
Pulse nuts and 1/4 cup flour in food processor until nuts are finely ground. Whisk nut mixture, remaining flour and salt in a bowl to combine.
Beat butter, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed to blend. On low speed, beat in flour mixture. Divide dough in fourths; roll each portion between sheets of wax paper to 1/8 in. thick. Slide dough onto baking sheets, stacking sheets of dough. Chill 30 minutes or until firm.
Heat oven to 350°F.
Peel top paper off 1 sheet of dough. Cut stars with floured 2-in. cutter. Place 1 in. apart on baking sheets.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes until lightly golden at edges. Cool slightly on sheet on a wire rack, then transfer to rack to cool completely. Press scraps together and refrigerate.
Repeat with another sheet of dough. Transfer to baking sheet; with floured 1-in. star cutter, cut out centers. Carefully remove centers; add to scraps.
Bake and cool cutouts as above.


½ small seedless watermelon (about 7 lb)
1 lb. large seedless green grapes
1 pt. blueberries
1  lime
2 tbsp. sugar
Have ready sixteen 6 to 8-in. wooden skewers, and line a rimmed baking sheet with plastic wrap.
Cut watermelon in chunks. Alternating fruits, thread on skewers. Arrange on baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until serving.
Grate zest and squeeze juice from lime. Put zest, lime juice and sugar in a small bowl, let stand 10 minutes, then stir until sugar dissolves.
Just before serving, drizzle or brush kabobs with lime syrup. Transfer to serving platter.


1 box  devil’s food cake mix
1⁄2 c. plus 2 tablespoons freshly made espresso or strong coffee
2 tbsp. coffee-flavored liqueur (such as Kahlua, optional)
2 tub  mascarpone cheese
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
⅓ c. sugar
Garnish: unsweetened cocoa powder and coffee beans
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 13 x 9-in. baking pan with foil, letting foil extend about 2 in. above pan at both ends. Coat foil with nonstick spray.
Spread cake batter in prepared pan. Bake as box directs. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Holding foil ends, lift from pan. Trim rounded top off cake with a long serrated knife until flat. Holding foil ends, lift cake and return cake to pan.
Mix 1⁄4 cup espresso and the liqueur in a small bowl; brush over top of cake.
Stir mascarpone and remaining espresso in a large bowl until blended. Beat cream and sugar in a medium bowl on high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold into cheese mixture until smooth. Spread over cake, adding swirls with back of a spoon.
Lightly dust cake with cocoa stirred through a strainer. Cut in squares; cut squares diagonally in half. Garnish with coffee beans.


1½ stick  unsalted butter
1½ c. sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. vanilla extract
4 large eggs
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. milk
½ c. orange juice
2 tsp. grated orange zest
n/a  n/a
1½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
½ c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tbsp. grated orange zest
Liquid orange food color (optional)
Garnish: thin strips orange zest
Heat oven to 350°F. Line 24 regular-size (2 1⁄2-in.-diameter) muffin cups with paper or foil liners.
Make Cupcakes: Beat butter, sugar, baking powder, vanilla, orange juice and zest in a large bowl with mixer on high 3 minutes or until fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each. On low speed, beat in flour in 3 additions alternately with milk in 2 additions, just until blended, scraping sides of bowl as needed. Spoon evenly in muffin cups.
Bake 22 to 25 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center of cupcakes comes out clean and tops are golden. Cool in pans on a wire rack 5 minutes before removing from pans to rack to cool completely.
Frosting: Beat ingredients in medium bowl on medium-high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Tint with food color; beat just until blended. Frost and garnish cupcakes.


1 medium onion
1 medium red bell pepper
1 can  unsweetened coconut milk
½ c. frozen petite peas
2 tsp. red curry paste, or 2 tsp curry powder and 1/8 tsp ground red pepper (cayenne)
½ tsp. salt
2 c. sliced cooked chicken
1 c. torn basil leaves
Coat a large nonstick skillet with nonstick spray. Sauté onion over medium-high heat 3 minutes or until golden.
Add bell pepper, cover and cook 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, until onion and pepper are almost tender.
Stir in coconut milk, peas, curry paste and salt; bring to a boil. Add chicken; simmer uncovered 1 minute or until sauce is slightly thickened and vegetables are tender. Remove from heat; stir in basil.


1 c. shelled unsalted pistachios
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
2 stick  unsalted butter
2 tsp. grated lemon zest
1 tbsp. lemon juice
½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
Pulse pistachios and 1/4 cup sugar in food processor until finely ground.
Beat butter, 1/2 cup sugar, zest, juice, and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until fluffy. On low speed, beat in nut mixture, then flour and salt to blend. Cover; chill 1 hour.
Heat oven to 350°F.
With floured hands, roll heaping teaspoons dough into 3-in. ropes; shape into crescents. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 14 to 16 minutes until edges and bottoms are lightly browned. Cool slightly on sheet on a wire rack, then transfer to rack. Let stand until warm.
Gently roll warm cookies in confectioners' sugar to coat. Cool completely on rack. Reroll in sugar, if needed.


1 box  frozen mini fillo shells
.67 c. chopped Pistachio Lovers Mix (pistachios,  cashews and almonds)
¼ c. honey mixed with 1 tsp water
Heat oven to 350°F. Have a rimmed baking sheet ready.
Fill shells with nuts. Bake about 8 minutes until shells are lightly browned.
Remove from oven and spoon in honey mixture. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Different Takes: Use a single kind of nut or other nut blend. Add 1/2 tsp finely grated lemon zest and 1 tsp lemon juice to honey instead of water. Stir 1/2 tsp ground cinnamon into the honey mixture.


1½ stick  unsalted butter
1¼ c. confectioners’ sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1  pkt (1 oz) pre-melted unsweetened chocolate or 1 oz unsweetened baking chocolate
¾ tsp. each vanilla, raspberry and almond extract
Red and green liquid food color
White of 1 large egg, slightly beaten
4 oz. white baking chocolate
Beat butter, sugar, egg, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed to blend. On low speed, beat in flour just to combine.
Divide dough in thirds; put each into a separate bowl. Stir chocolate and vanilla into 1 portion; raspberry extract and 25 drops red food color into another; almond extract and 8 drops green food color into third. Divide each color dough in thirds; wrap and refrigerate 1 hour.
Have ready nine 12 x 4-in. strips of wax paper. Remove 1 portion of each color dough to a lightly floured work surface. With floured hands, roll each into a 10-in. log. Transfer each log to a wax paper strip; flatten with a floured rolling pin and press with your hands into an 11 x 2-in. rectangle, squaring off edges with a  ruler. Slide rectangles on a baking sheet; refrigerate 30 minutes.  Repeat with remaining dough.
Remove 1 chocolate strip (still on wax paper); brush top with egg white. Invert a green rectangle on top; peel off paper and brush top with egg white. Invert a red rectangle on top of stack; peel off paper. Cut in half crosswise to make two 5 1/2 x 2-in. stacks. Brush red layer of 1 stack with egg white  and place remaining stack, chocolate side down, on top so colors  alternate. Gently press layers together, trimming edges if needed.  Rewrap; freeze 20 minutes. Repeat with remaining dough rectangles.
Heat oven to 350°F.
Cut each stack crosswise in 16 slices, each a scant 1/4 in. thick. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 10 to 12 minutes until set and bottoms and edges are golden. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
Microwave white chocolate in a small bowl 1 to 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds, until shiny and smooth. Line a baking sheet with wax paper. Dip 1 end of each cookie in chocolate, scraping off excess. Place on wax paper to dry.
Store dipped cookies airtight with wax paper between layers at cool room temperature up to 3 days, or undipped cookies up to 3 weeks. Freeze up to 3 months.


1½ stick  unsalted butter
1½ c. sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. vanilla extract
4 large eggs
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. milk
1 tsp. almond extract
½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
2 c. sweetened flaked coconut
Chocolate Drizzle: 1⁄2 cup semisweet chocolate chips melted with 1 1⁄2 tsp oil
Garnish: toasted coconut
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour a 10-in. (12-cup) bundt pan.
Beat butter, sugar, baking powder, vanilla and almond extract in a large bowl with mixer on high 3 minutes or until fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each. On low speed, beat in flour in 3 additions alternately with milk in 2 additions, just until blended, scraping sides of bowl as needed.
Melt chocolate chips in a medium bowl in microwave as pkg directs. Cool slightly, then stir in 1 1⁄2 cups batter until blended.
Stir coconut into remaining batter. Spoon 2 cups into prepared pan. Drop spoonfuls of chocolate batter into pan, leaving spces between each dollop. Drop spoonfuls coconut batter between chocolate batter. Repeat, alternating batters, with the rest. Run a knife through batters to marbleize.
Bake 55 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 15 minutes before inverting cake on rack to cool completely.
Scrape melted chocolate into a small ziptop bag. Cut a tip off 1 corner and pipe chocolate over cake; sprinkle with toasted coconut.


2 box  poundcake mix (preferably Betty Crocker)
2 can  whipped fluffy white frosting
Red, blue, green and brown paste (icing) or gel food colors
You also need: 3 qt-size ziptop bags, four 5-in. lengths of thin wired ribbon or colored string, candy sequins (dots), purchased “Happy Birthday” or other special occasion letters (optional)*
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour a 13 x 9 x 2-in. baking pan. Prepare both boxes of cake mix together as box directs. Spread evenly in prepared pan. Bake 50 minutes, or until golden and a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool on wire rack 10 minutes before inverting on rack, turning top side up and cooling completely.
Cut cake (see diagram, right) into a balloon shape. For "basket": Cut 1⁄2-in.-thick slices from cake scraps and frost together to form a 4-in.-wide, 2 1⁄4-in.-high, 1 3⁄4-in.-deep rectangle.
Put 1 cup frosting into each of 3 bowls. Tint light pink, light blue and light green. Cover with plastic wrap when not using. Spoon 2 Tbsp each into ziptop bags; seal. Tint 1⁄2 cup frosting light brown.
Place cake on serving tray, leaving space for the "basket." Using a toothpick, score lines on cake to divide balloon in thirds as a guide for frosting. Spread green frosting on top and sides of right side of ballon; pink frosting on the other side. Spoon blue frosting in center of cake and carefully spread to green and pink frosting. Add candy sequins.
Set basket about 3 in. under balloon. Coat with brown frosting; create basket-weave design with tines of a fork.
Cut tip off 1 corner of bags. Pipe outlines on balloon and swags on basket.
For Balloonists: Cut heads and upper bodies from photographs; glue onto cardboard; cut out.
Set balloonists in basket. Press 1-end of each ribbon into icing on base of balloon, the other end into each corner of basket. Place letters on cake. Dip ­fingers in white frosting to draw clouds.


¼ c. canned vanilla frosting
Yellow, red and green liquid food color
2 tbsp. sweetened shredded coconut
24  vanilla wafer cookies
12 small round chocolate peppermint candies (Peppermint Patties)
Put 1 Tbsp frosting in a small bowl; add yellow food color to tint yellow. Spoon into a small ziptop plastic bag and cut a tiny tip off one corner. Repeat with red food color. Stir green food color into coconut until coconut is green.
Place a small dab of vanilla frosting on flat side of 12 cookies. Top each with a peppermint candy "burger," pressing lightly to adhere. Pipe on yellow and red frosting to resemble mustard and ketchup. Sprinkle with coconut "lettuce," pressing to adhere. Place a small dab of vanilla frosting on flat side of remaining cookies and press, frosting side down, gently on coconut.


2 stick  unsalted butter
1⅓ c. confectioners’ sugar
1 large egg plus yolk from 1 large egg
1 tsp. peppermint extract
3 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
Green and red paste food color
Beat butter, sugar, egg, the yolk and extract in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. On low, beat in flour and salt until blended.
Divide dough in half. Put each half into a medium bowl.
Candy canes: Divide dough in 1 bowl in half. Wrap half and refrigerate. Put other half in a bowl; stir in green food color. Refrigerate 30 minutes.
Star mint cookies: Using dough in other bowl, with floured hands roll a level 1/3 cup into a 12-in. rope. Transfer to a wax-paper--lined baking sheet. Divide rest of dough in bowl in half. Knead red food color into 1 portion; leave other white. Roll red dough into a 12-in. rope; repeat with white dough. Place ropes on baking sheet. Cut all ropes in half into 6-in. lengths. Chill 1 hour or until hard.
Heat oven to 350°F.
Candy canes: Roll rounded teaspoons green and white dough into balls; chill until firm. For each cane, roll a green ball and a white ball on a floured surface to make two 6-in. ropes. Lay ropes side by side, overlap end of 1 rope on the other, and gently roll both ropes away from you, letting them twist together. Lift to ungreased baking sheet; curve 1 end. Make 7 more; place 2 in. apart on sheet.
Bake 11 to 12 minutes or until just set and lightly browned on bottoms. Cool completely on sheet on a wire rack. Repeat with remaining dough.
Star mint cookies: Remove 1 red rope and 1 thick white rope. Cut each lengthwise in half. Cut each half in thirds lengthwise in wedge-shaped strips. On wax paper, line up strips, rounded sides down, alternating colors, and touching. Put 1 thin white rope in center of strips. Place wedge-shaped strips around center rope (no need to be perfect). Roll up, using wax paper to help roll and compress log evenly. Freeze 20 minutes. Repeat with rest of ropes. Trim ends, then cut logs in 1/4-in.-thick slices. Place 2
Bake 10 to 12 minutes until set and golden on bottoms. Cool on sheet on a wire rack. Repeat with rest of dough.


1¼ lb. small yellow-fleshed, white or red new potatoes
1 lb. assorted small yellow, red and orange carrots
3 ear fresh corn
Nonstick spray
4 medium leeks
2 tbsp. stick butter
6 oz. sliced Canadian bacon
1 c. chicken broth
⅓ c. all-purpose flour
5 c. whole milk
Heat oven to 425°F. Have 2 rimmed baking sheets ready.
Arrange potatoes, carrots and corn on baking sheets. Coat vegetables generously on all sides with nonstick spray. Roast 20 to 30 minutes until tender. Let cool while preparing leeks.
Cut roots from leeks. Pull off 1 or 2 tough outer green and white leaves. Cut off tough top green portion. Cut leeks in half lengthwise and swish in a large bowl of water, changing water as needed until all dirt is removed. Cut crosswise in thin slices.
When roast vegetables are cool enough to handle, cut potatoes in 3/4-in. pieces, carrots crosswise in 1/2-in.-thick slices and corn from cobs.
Melt butter in a 4- to 5-qt pot. Add leeks and stir over medium-high heat 4 to 5 minutes until wilted. Stir in bacon.
Whisk broth with flour until smooth. Stir into leeks. Cook, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes until thickened. Add milk; cook, stirring often, 4 to 5 minutes until milk simmers. Add vegetables; cook 2 minutes or until chowder is thickened and hot.


1½ stick  unsalted butter
6 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1½ c. sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. vanilla extract
4 large eggs
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. milk
2 stick unsalted butter
4 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1 jar Marshmallow Fluff or Creme
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tsp.  vanilla extract
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat two 8 x 2-in. round cake pans with nonstick spray. Line bottoms with wax paper; spray paper.
Make Cake: Pulse chocolate and the 1 1⁄2 cups sugar called for in batter in a food processor until chocolate is ground.
Beat butter, sugar, chocolate, baking powder and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on high 3 minutes or until fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each. On low speed, beat in flour in 3 additions alternately with milk in 2 additions, just until blended, scraping sides of bowl as needed. Divide between prepared pans; spread evenly.
Bake 35 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center of cakes comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes, invert on rack, remove paper and cool completely.
Make Chocolate Buttercream: Beat butter and chocolate in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. Beat in Marshmallow Fluff. When blended, beat in confectioners' sugar and vanilla. Increase speed to high; beat 3 to 4 minutes until fluffy.
Put 1 cake layer on a serving plate. Spread top with 1 cup frosting. Top with other cake layer. Frost sides, then top with remaining frosting.


1  refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crust (from a 15-oz box of 2)
1⅓ c. sugar
⅓ c. cornstarch
5  yolks from 5 large eggs (reserve whites)
½ c. lemon juice (grate zest first)
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
2 tbsp. cold butter
5  egg whites from 5 large eggs
½ tsp. cream of tartar
¾ c. sugar
Make Crust: Heat oven to 450°F. Coat 9-in. pie plate with nonstick spray. Fit crust into pie plate; freeze 15 minutes. Prebake crust as box directs. Remove pie plate to a wire rack. Reduce oven to 350°F.
Make Filling: Mix sugar with cornstarch in a 2-qt saucepan. With whisk, stir in 1 1⁄2 cups lukewarm water, the yolks and juice. Stirring, bring to a gentle boil. Boil, stirring, 1 minute, until translucent and thick. Remove from heat; stir in zest and butter until butter melts. Pour into crust.
Make Meringue: Beat egg whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl on low speed until soft peaks form. Increase speed to medium-high and add sugar 1 Tbsp at a time, beating just until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted (don't overbeat). Spoon on filling to cover, mounding in center and spreading to crust around entire edge. Swirl meringue decoratively.
Bake 20 minutes until browned and an instant-read thermometer inserted in meringue registers at least 160°F. Cool, then refrigerate at least 2 hours.
Cut with a knife dipped in cold water and wiped clean between cuts.


⅓ c. slightly softened pistachio ice cream
vanilla pizzele or butter wafer cookies
1 tbsp. chopped pistachios
Sandwich 1/3 cup slightly softened pistachio ice cream and vanilla pizzelle or butter wafer cookies.
Roll edge in 1 Tbsp chopped pistachios.
Freeze 1 hour or until firm.


1 box  white cake mix
1 c. reduced-fat sour cream
1 stick  butter
3 large eggs
½ c. finely crushed red starlight mint candies or red-and-white mint candy canes (see Note)
4 drop liquid red food color
4½ c. confectioners’ sugar
1.5` stick butter
¼ c. 1% lowfat milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
liquid red food color
½ bag miniature marshmallows (fur on cuff)
9  each green and red Skittles or M&M;’s candies
5  each green and red starlight mints, coarsely crushed
About 26 small yellow candies (Tart ’n Tiny or M&M;’s Mini Baking Bits)
Red-and-white candy canes
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 13 x 9 x 2-in. baking pan with foil. Coat with nonstick spray. Trace outline of stocking, above. Enlarge pattern on a photocopier by 200 percent, then cut a pattern from wax paper.
Make Cake: In a large bowl with mixer on low speed, beat cake mix, sour cream, butter and eggs 1 minute to blend. On medium speed, beat 2 minutes (mixture is very thick). Remove 2 cups to a small bowl; stir in crushed mints and food color until blended. Alternately drop tablespoonfuls mint and plain batter in prepared pan. Smooth top.
Bake 32 to 35 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 15 minutes before inverting on rack, removing foil and cooling cake completely.
Place pattern on cake; cut out stocking (save scraps for snacking). Using 2 long spatulas, lift cake to serving platter.
Make Frosting: Beat confectioners' sugar, butter, milk and vanilla on low speed to mix. Increase speed to high; beat a few minutes until pale and fluffy.
To decorate: Remove 1⁄2 cup frosting to a small bowl; tint red with food color. Spoon into a qt-size ziptop bag. Spread top and sides of stocking with rest of frosting. With a long piece of plain dental floss, mark diagonal lines 1 1⁄2 in. apart in frosting for patchwork squares (use photo as a guide). Score outline of toe and heel with a toothpick. Snip 1⁄4-in. tip off corner of ziptop bag; pipe lines of red frosting to fill in toe and heel.
Arrange marshmallows on cuff of stocking and Skittles and coarsely crushed mints in patchwork squares. Place yellow candies at the connecting points. Gently press candy canes into cuff of cake.


1 box  dark-chocolate fudge cake mix
¼ tsp. almond extract
6 c.  cherry ice cream
Garnish: chocolate shell ice cream topping, canned whipped cream and maraschino cherries with stems
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat an 8- or 9-in. springform pan with nonstick spray.
Prepare cake mix as box directs; stir in extract. Bake in prepared pan 50 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. Remove pan sides; cool completely.
Trim rounded top off cake with a long serrated knife until flat. Cut cake in half crosswise and very carefully separate halves. Place top half on a piece of foil; leave bottom in pan. Place sides back on pan. Freeze pan and cake layer 20 minutes until cold. Remove ice cream from freezer to soften slightly.
Working quickly, take pan from freezer. Spread with 1⁄2 the ice cream. Top with other cake; spread with rest of ice cream. Freeze at least 2 hours until hard.
At least 1 hour before serving: Remove pan sides. Drizzle cake with ice cream topping; garnish with whipped cream and cherries. Return to freezer.
To serve: For clean cuts, dip a sharp knife in hot water and wipe dry between slices.


2 stick  butter
2½ tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
2 tsp. finely chopped fresh rosemary
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
¾ c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
Garnish: fresh rosemary sprigs and long strips lemon peel
Heat oven to 325°F. Coat three 5 3/4 x 3 1/4 x 2-in. disposable foil baby-loaf pans with nonstick spray. Have a baking sheet ready (to hold filled pans so they can be moved in and out of the oven more easily).
Make cakes: Beat butter, lemon peel, rosemary, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium-high speed until creamy. Gradually beat in sugar; beat 2 minutes or until fluffy. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, then vanilla. On low speed, beat in flour until just blended. Half fill each prepared pan. Smooth tops and place pans on baking sheet.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 5 minutes before inverting on rack. Turn cakes right side up (don't let cool completely).


1 stick  butter
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
Yolks from 2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 can  sweetened condensed milk (not evaporated milk)
1 c. Kit Kat Bites (from a 10-oz bag)
1 c. Heath Almond Toffee Bits (from a 10-oz bag)
½ c. white-chocolate chips
25  Oreo cookies
Garnish: gummy worms
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 13 x 9 x 2-in. baking pan with nonstick foil, letting foil extend above ends of pan.
Beat butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until well mixed. Beat in yolks and vanilla until combined. On low speed gradually beat in flour just until blended and slightly crumbly. Press evenly on bottom of pan.
Bake 8 minutes, or until lightly browned around edges.
Remove from oven. Pour condensed milk over crust; spread evenly. Layer with Kit Kat Bites, toffee Bits and white-chocolate chips. Sprinkle evenly with 2 cups cookie crumbs; pat down gently.
Bake 25 minutes, or until bubbles form around edges.
Cool on a wire rack 5 minutes, then spread some remaining crumbs over bubbles to cover and spread the rest of the crumbs over the top. Cool completely.
Lift foil by ends onto cutting board. Cut into 48 squares. Serve with gummy worms.


4  swordfish steaks (about 6 oz each)
2 tsp. olive oil
½ tsp. each salt and pepper
4 c. arugula or baby spinach
¼ c. bottled olive spread (tapenade)
1 pt. grape tomatoes
Garnish: chopped parsley
Heat outdoor grill.
Brush fish with oil; sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Grill, turning once, 8 to 10 minutes until just cooked through.
Place arugula on 4 serving plates. Add swordfish; top each piece of fish with 1 Tbsp olive spread. Scatter tomatoes on top. Garnish with parsley. Good with breadsticks and drizzled with olive oil and vinegar.


1 can  frozen limeade
½ c. sugar
14  imported Italian savoiardi ladyfingers (see Note)
2 tsp. unflavored gelatin
1 tub  frozen creamy whipped topping
1½ pt. fresh raspberries
1½ pt. blackberries
Rinse a 9 x 5-in. loaf pan (about 8-cup capacity). Line pan with plastic wrap, letting some extend above sides. Wrap a piece of thin cardboard, cut to fit bottom of pan, with foil. Place in pan for easy unmolding.
Pour limeade into a clear 2-cup measure; add cold water to equal 2 cups; stir in sugar until dissolved. Pour 2⁄3 cup into a shallow medium bowl.
Dip both sides of each ladyfinger into bowl. Use 7 to cover bottom of pan. Reserve remaining on plastic wrap.
Sprinkle gelatin over 1⁄4 cup limeade mixture in a small saucepan; let stand 1 to 2 minutes to soften. Stir over low heat until gelatin granules completely dissolve. Pour into a medium bowl, add remaining limeade mixture and refrigerate, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes or until consistency of unbeaten egg whites. Add a large spoonful whipped topping; whisk until blended; whisk in remaining topping.
Scatter about 1⁄2 the berries over the ladyfingers in pan. Spread with 1⁄2 the limeade cream. Place reserved ladyfingers crosswise down middle of loaf; spread with remaining cream; top with rest of berries. Refrigerate at least 6 hours until set.
To serve: Lift plastic wrap by sides onto serving plate. Peel plastic wrap down sides; cut or slide plastic wrap away from loaf. Leave on cardboard to slice.
Note: Italian savoiardi ladyfingers are crisp and are often longer than the soft sponge cake--like variety. 


2½ c. fat-free half & half
1 box  pistachio-flavor instant pudding and pie filling
¼ c. coarsely chopped unsalted pistachios
Put half & half into a medium bowl. Add pudding mix and beat with a whisk 2 minutes. Stir in pistachios.
Pour into a square or round metal cake pan and place in freezer. Freeze at least 2 hours, stirring frozen edges into center with a rubber spatula every 30 minutes until firm. If desired, serve sprinkled with chopped pistachios.


4  fajita-size (6- to 7-in.) flour tortillas
3 tsp. cinnamon sugar
1 pt. vanilla-raspberry swirl frozen yogurt
Heat oven to 375°F. Crumple each of four 20-in. strips of foil into a ball; place on a foil-lined cookie sheet.
Cut twenty-eight 8 x 1/2-in. strips from paper. Spray both sides of tortillas with nonstick spray; place in a single layer on wax paper. Lay paper strips on tortillas; sprinkle each tortilla with 3⁄4 tsp cinnamon sugar. Carefully lift off strips. Center a tortilla, cinnamon-sugar side down, over each foil ball. Gently press tortilla around foil to shape.
Bake 11 to 13 minutes until lightly browned and crisp. Remove tortillas from foil with tongs to a wire rack to cool.
Drop scoops of frozen yogurt into tuilles. Garnish with fresh mint sprigs, if desired.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. sugar
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
⅓ c. oil
1 tbsp. cider vinegar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. confectioners’ sugar
½ stick butter
3 to 4 tbsp. milk
Unsweetened cocoa powder and liquid red food color
6  creme-filled sugar wafer cookies
Multicolor sprinkles
Make Cupcakes: Heat oven to 350°F. Line 12 regular-size (2 1⁄2-in.-diam) muffin cups with paper or foil liners.
Whisk flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt in a large bowl to mix. Add oil, vinegar, vanilla and 1 cup cold water; stir until blended. Divide between muffin cups.
Bake 22 to 25 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers of cupcakes comes out dry. Cool in pan on a wire rack 10 minutes before removing cupcakes to rack to cool completely.
Make Frosting: Combine confectioners' sugar, butter and 3 Tbsp milk in a medium bowl; beat with mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy, adding remaining 1 Tbsp milk if needed.
Remove 2 Tbsp frosting to a small bowl; stir in about 1⁄2 tsp cocoa powder to tint light brown. Remove 2 Tbsp frosting to another small bowl; tint pink with red food color.
Using a serrated knife, cut each wafer cookie in half crosswise. Trim edges to make "ice cream cones."


1 stick  unsalted butter
⅓ c. each honey and packed light-brown sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 large egg
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
3 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. dried cranberries
½ tsp. grated orange zest
½ c. orange juice
White of 1 large egg, beaten with 1 tsp water
Garnish: nonpareils
Make Dough: Beat all ingredients except flour in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. On low speed, slowly beat in flour until mixture clumps.
Press dough together; divide in fourths. Flatten each into a 1/2-in.-thick rectangle. Put 1 portion on wax paper, dust with flour and roll out with a floured rolling pin into a 7 x 9-in. rectangle, slightly thicker than 1/8 in. (use a ruler to square off sides). Slide paper on a baking sheet; refrigerate. Repeat with remaining dough.
Make Filling: Bring cranberries, zest and juice to a boil in a small saucepan. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 6 minutes or until liquid evaporates. Put in a food processor; pulse until a fine paste forms. Cool completely.
Meanwhile heat oven to 400°F. Line a baking sheet with nonstick foil.
Place 1 rectangle dough on work surface. Spread dough evenly with 1/2 the filling (about 6 Tbsp). Remove paper from another rectangle; invert on filling; gently press together. Cut crosswise in 20 strips. Separate strips. Let soften a few minutes, then gently coil 1 strip inward, forming a spiral. Tuck end under (dough will crack in spots; that's OK). Place on lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining strips, spacing 1 in. apart. Brush with egg white; sprinkle with nonpareils.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until golden and lightly browned on bottoms. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


1 pt. vanilla ice cream
1 package  cranberry-flavor gelatin
½ c. boiling water
1 can  jellied cranberry sauce
Have eight 1/2-cup molds ready. Remove ice cream from freezer to room temperature to soften.
Put gelatin in a medium bowl. Stir in boiling water with a whisk until dissolved. Whisk in cranberry sauce until well blended. Stir in vanilla ice cream until no white streaks remain. Ladle into molds. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or until firm.
Dip molds in warm (not hot) water. Invert onto serving plates and, holding both mold and plate, shake down sharply to release mold. Repeat, if necessary. Garnish, if desired, with cranberries coated in sugar and mint sprigs.
Different Takes: Stir in 1 Tbsp finely grated orange zest. Add 2 Tbsp minced candied ginger. Add 1 Tbsp cranberry vodka, such as Finlandia, or orange liqueur.


1 stick  butter
4 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1⅓ c. sugar
3 large eggs
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
¾ c. all-purpose flour
1 bag  Snickers Mini candy bars
¼ c. M&M;'s mini baking bits
Heat oven to 350°F. Line minature muffin pan(s) with paper liners. (Cups measure 1 1/4 in. across bottom.)
Melt butter and  chocolate in a medium saucepan over low heat or in a large bowl in microwave. Stir to blend well.
Whisk in sugar, eggs and vanilla until combined. Stir in flour just until blended.
Spoon 1 measuring tablespoon batter into each muffin cup. Press in a Snickers bar almost flush with surface; sprinkle with 4 or 5 baking bits.
Bake 16 to 18  minutes until risen and tops look dry and shiny (some may have caramel flow). Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes; remove from pan, using tip  of a knife if needed, to rack to cool completely. Repeat with remaining  batter.


1 box  refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crusts
¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tbsp. lemon juice
2½ lb.  Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples
2 tbsp. stick butter
1 tsp. milk
1 tbsp. sugar
Place oven rack in lowest position. Heat to 375°F. Have ready a  9-in. pie pan or plate and a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet (to catch  any drips).
Line pie pan with 1 crust as box directs. Mix sugar, flour, cinnamon and lemon juice in a large bowl. Add apples; toss gently to mix and coat. Spread in pie pan, tucking them to fit. Scrape any juices in bowl over apples; dot with butter.
Top with remaining crust. Gently press edges together, turn under and flute or crimp if desired. Brush crust with milk; sprinkle with sugar. Cut 4 slits on top of pie to vent.
Place on lined sheet; bake on low oven rack 15 minutes. Reduce temperature to 350°F and bake 50 to 60 minutes longer, until crust is golden brown and apples are tender when pierced through a slit. (If top browns too quickly, drape loosely with foil.) Remove to a wire rack to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature. Top with a scoop of vanilla ice cream for a sublime dessert.


1 oz. white baking chocolate
3 bar  bittersweet chocolate
1⅓ c. heavy (whipping) cream
Make Cups: Wrap 6-in. square heavy-duty foil around base and up side of  a 2 1⁄4-in. to 2 1⁄2-in. diameter glass. Remove foil; repeat 5 times.  Melt white chocolate as box directs; cool slightly. Scrape into 1-qt  ziptop bag. Snip off corner; pipe squiggles in cups. Freeze to set.
Break up, then melt 1 1⁄2 bars dark chocolate. Brush over squiggles and  11⁄2 in. up sides of cups. Freeze to set. Gently peel off foil.
Heat remaining chocolate and 1⁄3 cup cream in microwave, stirring often until smooth. Cool to room temperature.
Beat rest of cream in a bowl with mixer on high speed until soft peaks  form. Stir a large spoonful into chocolate mixture, then fold mixture  into cream. Spoon into cups or pastry bag fitted with large star tip to  pipe into cups. Top with white chocolate curls, if desired.


1  purchased frozen poundcake (10.75 oz)
1 box  peach gelatin
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
1½ c. strawberries
1 c. diced, peeled peach
1 tbsp. sugar
Have ready a 2 1⁄4-in. round metal cookie cutter and a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Line 12 regular muffin cups with foil liners.
Using cookie cutter, cut 4 circles from top through to bottom of cake. Cut each log into 6 rounds. Put 1 in bottom of each lined cup; set aside remaining 12.
Add 3⁄4 cup boiling water to gelatin in a medium bowl. Stir until dissolved. Refrigerate, stirring occasionally, 15 minutes or until consistency of unbeaten egg whites.
Beat 1⁄2 cup cream in a medium bowl with mixer on medium-high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Stir a large spoonful into peach mixture, then fold in rest of cream. Fold in strawberries and peach.
Immediately spoon into lined cups; top with reserved poundcake rounds. Cover pan tightly with plastic wrap; refrigerate at least 3 hours or until "cakes" are firm.
To serve: Remove liners; cut cakes in half. Place 2 halves, round sides touching (see photo, left) on plates.
Beat rest of cream and the sugar in a small bowl with mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Spoon into pastry bag; pipe line down center.


1 stick  unsalted butter
1 package cream cheese
1 c. plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
1 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1½ tbsp. unsalted butter
.67 c. packed brown sugar
1 large egg
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. finely chopped unsalted dry roasted peanuts
2 oz. semisweet baking chocolate
Make Crust: Beat butter and cream cheese in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed to blend. On low speed, beat in flour and salt to combine. Refrigerate covered 1 hour or until firm.
Place oven rack in lowest position; heat to 350°F. Have miniature muffin pan(s) ready.
Make Filling: Microwave chocolate and butter in a medium bowl 1 to 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Stir in sugar, egg and vanilla, then peanuts until combined.
Roll level tablespoons dough into 20 balls. With floured fingers, press a ball over bottom and up sides of each ungreased muffin cup, extending slightly above rim. Fill each 3/4 full with filling.
Bake 27 to 30 minutes until edges are lightly browned (tops will crack slightly). Cool in pan on a wire rack 15 minutes. Invert pan; tap to loosen tassies onto rack; turn upright and cool completely.
Melt semisweet chocolate as package directs. Scrape into a ziptop bag. Cut tip off corner and drizzle chocolate over tassies. Let chocolate set at least 30 minutes.


1 package almond paste
1  refrigerated pie crust (from a 15-oz box of 2)
3 medium red or black plums (about 1 lb)
2 tbsp. sugar
Heat oven to 450°F. Have a baking sheet ready.
With a rolling pin, roll almond paste between 2 sheets of plastic wrap to an 8-in.-diameter circle.
Unroll pie crust directly on ungreased baking sheet. Peel plastic wrap from almond paste; center on pie crust.
Arrange plums on almond paste as shown. Sprinkle with sugar; fold edges of pastry over plums, crimping dough to fit.
Bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven to 375°F and bake 25 minutes or until crust is lightly browned and plums are juicy and tender. Remove to a wire rack to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Different takes: Top servings with vanilla ice cream, mix sugar with ground nutmeg before sprinkling on plums or sprinkle plums with sliced almonds before baking.


16  gingersnap cookies
1 c. lowfat granola
2 can apple pie filling
1 c. dried cranberries
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
Serve with: vanilla ice cream
Heat oven to 375°F. Coat a shallow 11/2-qt. baking dish with nonstick  spray.
Crush cookies in a large plastic food bag with a rolling pin until coarse crumbs form (you should have 1 cup). Add granola; shake to mix.
Stir ingredients in a large bowl until blended. Spoon evenly in prepared baking dish, then sprinkle with Topping.
Bake, uncovered, 30 minutes or until edges bubble and topping is golden. Serve the crisp warm or at room temperature.


6  apples (ideally a mix of varieties, like Granny Smith, Pink Lady, and McIntosh)
Zest of 1 lemon
Juice from 1/2 lemon
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
6 tbsp. brown sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. salt
½ tbsp. cinnamon
1 tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. ground cloves
1⅓ c. pecans
12 tbsp. cold butter
vanilla ice cream
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Combine all filling ingredients in a large bowl.
To make topping:
Butter and flour a 9- by 12-inch baking pan and spoon in apple mixture. Spread topping over apples, patting down with your hands and making sure no fruit is uncovered. Bake until top is golden brown, 40 to 50 minutes. Serve immediately with vanilla ice cream on top.


2½ c. pecan halves, broken in pieces
½ c. unsalted butter
2 bar bittersweet chocolate
¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
¾ c. all-purpose flour
2 can sweetened condensed milk
¼ tsp. kosher salt
20  thin pretzels
Arrange the oven racks to divide the oven into thirds. Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 9 x 13-in. baking pan with nonstick foil, leaving a 3-in. overhang on two sides.
Spread the pecans in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet and roast until toasted and fragrant, 8 to 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, place the butter and half the chocolate in a medium saucepan and cook, stirring, over medium-low heat until melted. Remove from heat and whisk in the sugar, then the eggs. Add the flour and stir until smooth.
Spread the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 12 to 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, place the sweetened condensed milk in a second medium saucepan. Whisking often, bring to a simmer over medium-low heat. Gently simmer, whisking constantly, until very thick and light golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes.
Add the salt and 1 1/2 cups toasted pecans to the saucepan and stir to coat, then spread the mixture over the crust. Sprinkle with the remaining chocolate and pecans. Place the pretzels on top. Let set at room temperature until firm. Using the overhangs, transfer the bar to a cutting board and cut into pieces.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. brown sugar
1 c. unsalted butter
1½ c. old-fashioned oats
½ c. granulated sugar
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 large egg
¾ c. seedless raspberry jam
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 9 x 13-in. baking pan with nonstick foil, leaving a 3-in. overhang on two sides.
In a food processor, pulse ½ cup flour, the brown sugar and ¼ cup (½ stick) butter until the mixture forms large crumbs. Transfer to a medium bowl and stir in ½ cup oats. Refrigerate until ready to use.
In the food processor (no need to clean), combine the granulated sugar, baking soda, salt, and the remaining 1 cup flour and ¾ cup butter until the mixture forms fine crumbs. Add the egg and pulse until
blended. Transfer to a large bowl, fold in the remaining 1 cup oats and spread into the prepared pan.
Spread the jam evenly over the batter. Crumble the chilled crumb mixture into small clumps over the jam. Bake until the jam is bubbly and a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 22 to 25 minutes. Let the bar cool in the pan for 30 minutes. Using the overhangs, transfer the bar to a wire rack to cool completely. Cut into pieces.




1  Mint Tea
1 oz. FAIR. Quinoa Vodka
¾ oz. Anis brown sugar syrup
¼ oz. Yellow Chartreuse
Prepare mint tea in a tea pot.
In two individual tea cups add vodka, brown sugar syrup, and yellow chartreuse.
Top with mint tea.
Garnish with lemon wedge.


1  lump raw brown sugar
1½ oz. Gran Duque de Alba Spanish Brandy
2 oz. espresso coffee
1 oz. regular coffee
sugar
Juice of 1/4 orange
½ pt. heavy whipping cream
Steam everything together over low heat until hot. Prepare a martini glass with a sugar rim by mixing granulated sugar with a squeeze of orange on a plate. Wet the rim and roll the edge into the sugar mixture. Then pour the hot drink into the prepared glass. Top with slightly whipped heavy cream. Grate some orange zest over the whipped cream.


1 package  Keebler Fudge Shoppe Peanut Butter Filled cookies
2  bricks (8 oz each) 1⁄3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
1¼ c. sugar
1 c. creamy peanut butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 large eggs
3 oz. semisweet baking chocolate
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. light corn syrup
½ tsp. vanilla extract
¼ c. roasted peanuts
Heat oven to 325°F. Line muffin pans with 24 paper (not foil) baking cups.
Make Cheesecakes: Break cookies into a food processor. Pulse until fine moist crumbs form. Press about 1 Tbsp evenly over bottom of each cup. Freeze until ready to fill.
Beat next 4 ingredients in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. On low speed, beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended. Spoon about 2 1/2 Tbsp into each cup.
Bake 20 minutes, or until puffed. (Some may crack on top; that's OK.) Cool completely in pans on a wire rack.
Meanwhile, prepare Chocolate Glaze: Microwave ingredients on medium, stirring until smooth. Cool slightly.
Peel off liners. Place cakes on a foil-lined baking sheet. Spoon glaze over tops; sprinkle with nuts. Refrigerate at least 2 hours for glaze to set.


1 package  Stella D’oro Almond Delight cookies
3 tbsp. butter
4  bricks (8 oz each) 1⁄3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
1¼ c. sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
4 large eggs
8 oz. reduced-fat sour cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. almond extract
1 c. seedless strawberry jam
2 pt. strawberries
Heat oven to 325°F. Coat a 9 x 3-in. springform pan with nonstick cooking spray.
Make Crust: Break up cookies into a food processor. Add butter; pulse until fine crumbs form. Press over bottom of prepared pan. Freeze until ready to fill.
Make Filling: Beat cream cheese, sugar and cornstarch  in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. On low speed,  beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended. Add sour cream and  vanilla and almond extracts; beat just until blended.
Pour 1⁄3 the batter (about 2 cups) into pan; spread evenly. Dot with 1⁄4 cup jam. Spoon on 1⁄2 the  remaining batter (2 cups); gently spread evenly. Dot with 1⁄4 cup jam; spoon on rest of batter and spread.
Bake 45 minutes, or until cake puffs slightly around edges and center still jiggles slightly when shaken. Turn off oven (leave door closed); leave cake in oven 45 minutes.
Carefully run a thin knife around the edge of the pan to release cake (leave on pan sides). Cool completely on a wire rack. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours.
Make Topping up to 3 hours before serving: Arrange strawberries, points up, on top of cake. Heat remaining 1⁄2 cup jam in microwave or in a small pan over low heat until melted. Stir until smooth. Spoon over berries; refrigerate to set jam.


¾ c. triple-strength coffee (reserve 2 Tbsp)
2 tbsp. plus 1 1/4 cups sugar
1 tbsp. Kahlúa (coffee-flavor liqueur)
1½ package  imported Italian savoiardi ladyfingers (see Note)
3  bricks (8 oz each) 1⁄3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
1 tbsp. cornstarch
3 large eggs
1 tub  mascarpone cheese
1 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Garnish: unsweetened cocoa powder and chocolate curls (directions follow)
Remove bottom of a 9 x 3-in. springform pan; wrap bottom with plastic wrap.
Stir coffee, 2 Tbsp sugar and the Kahlúa in a shallow bowl until sugar dissolves. Set 1⁄2 the ladyfingers aside. For each of remaining ladyfingers, quickly dip one side into coffee mixture and place wet side up on pan bottom to cover, cutting ladyfingers as needed to fit. Freeze about 15 minutes until firm. Lift plastic wrap, with ladyfingers, off pan bottom and place on a flat plate in freezer.
Heat oven to 325°F. Reassemble the springform pan and coat with nonstick spray.
Quickly dip one side of reserved ladyfingers into coffee mixture. Place wet side up on pan bottom to cover, cutting ladyfingers to fit and pressing to fill spaces. Freeze until ready to fill.
Beat cream cheese, 1 1⁄4 cups sugar and the cornstarch in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. On low speed, beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended. Beat in mascarpone and reserved 2 Tbsp coffee. Pour half the batter (3 cups) into pan; spread evenly. Top with ladyfinger layer from freezer; sprinkle with grated chocolate. Spoon on remaining batter; spread evenly.
Bake 45 minutes, or until center still jiggles slightly when shaken. (Air bubbles may form on surface; they'll sink as cake cools.) Turn off oven (leave door closed); leave cake in oven 45 minutes.
Carefully run a thin knife around the edge of the pan to release the cake (leave the pan sides on). Cool completely on a wire rack. Cover loosely; refrigerate at least 4 hours, preferably 1 day for best flavor.
Remove pan sides; place cake on a serving plate. Dust with cocoa; top with chocolate curls.
(For Chocolate Curls: Melt 4 oz semisweet  baking chocolate with 1 tsp solid vegetable shortening. Pour into a foil-lined mini loaf pan or sturdy 3 1⁄2 x 2 x 1 1⁄2-in. pan made with layers of foil. Let set at room temperature. Pull a swivel-blade vegetable peeler down length of bar. Refrigerate curls until ready to use.)
Note: Imported Italian savoiardi ladyfingers are crisp and longer than the familiar soft sponge cake variety.


18  gingersnap cookies
3 tbsp. butter
4  bricks 1/3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
1½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
4 large eggs
2 tbsp. grated lemon zest
½ c. lemon juice
16 oz. reduced-fat sour cream
½ c. sugar
liquid yellow food color
Garnish: whipped cream and quartered‑lemon slices
Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Coat an 8- by 3-inch springform pan with nonstick spray.
Make Crust: Break cookies into a food processor. Add butter; pulse until fine crumbs form. Press over bottom of prepared pan; freeze until ready to fill.
Make Filling: Beat cream cheese, sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. On low speed, beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended. Beat in lemon zest and juice. Pour over crust.
Place on a sheet of foil in oven. Bake 1 1⁄4 hours, or until puffed around edges and center still jiggles slightly when shaken. Cool 5 minutes, or until filling sinks slightly.
Make Topping: Stir sour cream and sugar in a small bowl until sugar dissolves. Tint pale yellow with food color. Pour over filling; spread to edges. Bake 5 minutes to set. Remove to a wire rack to cool completely.
Carefully run a thin knife around edge of pan to release cake (leave pan sides on). Cover loosely; refrigerate at least 4 hours.
Up to 4 hours before serving: Remove pan sides; place cake on a serving plate. Garnish with whipped cream and lemon slices (see photo). Refrigerate.


1 c. chopped hazelnuts
1  roll (18 oz) refrigerated sugar cookie dough
¾ c. seedless red raspberry jam
Garnish: confectioners’ sugar
Pulse hazelnuts in food processor until finely ground. Add cookie dough; pulse just until blended.
Divide dough in quarters. Roll each portion between 2 sheets of wax  paper to 1/8 in. thick. Freeze on a flat surface at least 30 minutes, or  until firm.
Heat oven to 350°F. Have ready baking sheet(s) and 2 1/2- and 1 1/2-in. heart-shaped cookie cutters.
Working with 1 portion of dough at a time, remove top sheet of paper. Cut out as many 2 1/2-in. hearts as possible (if dough becomes soft,  return to freezer). Place hearts on ungreased baking sheet. With the 1 1/2-in. cutter, cut centers out of half of the hearts. Re-roll and cut scraps.
Bake 6 to 8 minutes, or until lightly golden. Cool slightly before gently (they're fragile) removing to wire rack(s)  to cool completely.
Spread 1 tsp jam on each whole heart. Top with a cutout heart and dust with confectioners' sugar.
Different Takes: Replace the raspberry jam with sweet orange marmalade. Use the dough to make large heart-shaped cookies and pipe on a sentiment using tube frosting. Drizzle cookies with melted chocolate.


1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
¾ c. peanut butter chips
1½ c. prepared chocolate pudding
Garnish: whipped cream and peanut butter chips
Heat 1⁄2 cup cream in a medium glass bowl in microwave until steaming hot. Add chips; stir with a whisk until melted and smooth. Whisk in remaining cream. Refrigerate until cold.
Beat with mixer just until soft peaks form (don't overbeat).
Spread 1 heaping Tbsp peanut butter mousse into bottom of each of 8 small (about 1⁄2 cup capacity) stemmed glasses. Spread with 1 heaping Tbsp chocolate pudding. Repeat layers once. Garnish and serve, or cover and refrigerate (without garnish) up to 1 day.
Different Takes: Replace peanut butter chips with butterscotch chips. Instead of layering in glasses, spoon alternating dollops into small dessert bowls, then swirl mixtures together with the tip of a knife. Sprinkle crumbled chocolate wafer cookies between layers and on top.


1 stick  butter
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. each baking soda and salt
2 large eggs
.67 c. milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 stick unsalted butter
1 jar marshmallow cream (such as Marshmallow Fluff or Creme)
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
candy heart decors, red and pink sprinkles (jimmies) and nonpareils, and semisweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 350°F. Line 12 regular-size (about 2 3/4-in. diameter) muffin cups with paper or foil liners.
Make Cupcakes: Beat butter, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 1 minute, or until well blended. Add eggs; beat on high 2 minutes until fluffy. On low speed, beat in milk and vanilla (batter will look curdled), then flour and cocoa powder, just until blended. Spoon into lined cups to about 1/2 in. of top of liner (you'll have batter left).
Bake 15 to 18 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes, then remove from pan to rack to cool completely. Use remaining batter to bake 4 more cupcakes. Cool as above.
Make Vanilla Buttercream: Beat ingredients in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until blended. Increase speed to high; beat 2 minutes, or until smooth and fluffy. Makes about 3 cups.
Frost cupcakes with Vanilla Buttercream, reserving some for noses.
Make Faces: Place heart decors and red sprinkles on cupcakes as sunglasses, and hearts for mouths on "girl" cupcakes. Press on sprinkles and nonpareils for hair. Put chocolate chips in a qt-size ziptop bag. Microwave on high 20 seconds. Press bag to see if chocolate has melted. If not, repeat at 5-second intervals until melted. Knead bag until chocolate is smooth.
Cut a tiny tip off 1 corner; pipe eyebrows and a mouth on "boy" cupcakes, and a hair bow on "girl" cupcakes. Spoon reserved frosting into a small ziptop bag, cut tip off a corner and pipe a nose on each.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
.67 c. confectioners’ sugar
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
.13 tsp. salt
1 stick  cold unsalted butter
Yolk from 1 large egg mixed with 1 1/2 Tbsp water and 1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1 c. granulated sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
2 tbsp. instant espresso powder
¼ tsp. salt
3¼ c. whole milk
Yolks from 3 large eggs lightly beaten in a small bowl with 2 tsp vanilla extract
3 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
Sweetened whipped cream or whipped topping
Chocolate curls (directions follow)
Candy hearts (directions follow)
Make Chocolate Crust: Pulse flour, sugar, cocoa and salt in a food processor until blended. Add butter; pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal, with a few flecks of butter visible. Pour yolk mixture evenly over top; pulse until flour mixture starts to clump together. Gather dough; form into a ball. Flatten into a 6 1/2-in. disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes, or up to 1 hour.
Coat a 9-in. pie plate with nonstick spray. Lightly flour disk and rolling pin. Roll dough on a sheet of wax paper into a 12 1/2-in. circle. Trim to 12 in.; discard trimmings. Place a floured hand on dough, invert (still on wax paper) onto hand and position dough over pie plate. Gently ease into plate, pressing dough against bottom and sides; carefully peel off paper. Fold edge under so it's slightly higher than side of plate; crimp edge. Freeze 15 minutes until firm.
Heat oven to 350°F. Prick bottom of crust all over with a fork. Line with nonstick foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans (see Note). Bake 20 minutes. Carefully lift out foil and weights and bake 15 minutes more, or until crust is cooked through and set. Cool completely on a wire rack.
Make Mocha Latte Filling: In a heavy 3-qt saucepan, using a whisk, stir sugar, cornstarch, espresso powder and salt until combined. Whisk in milk until smooth. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with whisk, about 18 minutes until thickened and boiling; boil, stirring, 1 minute. Remove from heat; whisk about 1 cup hot mixture into yolk mixture until blended. Slowly scrape yolk mixture into hot mixture, stirring to prevent curdling. Stir over low heat about 3 minutes until very thick. Remove from heat; add chocolate a
To serve: Mound whipped cream on pie, leaving a border of filling visible. Top cream with chocolate curls and candy hearts. Add a candy heart or 2 to each serving.
For Candy Hearts: Melt 1/3 cup pink candy melts* as pkg directs. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a writing tip, or to a small ziptop bag, and snip tip off 1 corner. Pipe small hearts on a wax paper--lined baking sheet. Let set at room temperature, or refrigerate until hard. Remove with a metal spatula. Store at room temperature. *Available where cake supplies are sold
For Chocolate Curls Have ready a foil-lined mini loaf pan or sturdy 3 1/2 x 2 x 1 1/2-in. pan made with layers of foil. Melt 4 oz semisweet baking chocolate with 1 tsp solid vegetable shortening. Pour into pan. Let set at room temperature. Pull a swivel-blade vegetable peeler down length of bar. Refrigerate curls until ready to use.


22  Keebler’s Sandies Simply Shortbread cookies
1 large egg
1 c. unsweetened frozen raspberries
1 can or 1 roll (7 oz) almond paste
⅓ c. sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
2 large eggs
Garnish: confectioners’ sugar
Serve with: sweetened whipped cream, flavored with raspberry extract, if desired
Heat oven to 350°F. Generously coat a 9-in. fluted tart pan with removable sides with nonstick spray.
Make Crust: Process cookies in food processor until fine crumbs form. Add egg; pulse until blended. Press evenly over bottom and up sides of tart  pan. Spread frozen raspberries in crust. Freeze 10 minutes, or until crust is firm.
Meanwhile, make Filling: Break almond paste in pieces into  food processor. Add sugar and flour; process until blended and no lumps remain. Add cream and eggs; process until smooth. Pour over raspberries  to cover.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes, or until Filling puffs around the edges and is firm to the touch. Cool in pan on a wire rack, then refrigerate at least 2 hours, or cover and refrigerate up to 3 days.
Up to 1 hour before serving: Put tart pan on a small, sturdy  bowl and let sides fall down. Gently slide tart off pan bottom onto a serving plate. Dust with confectioners' sugar; serve with whipped cream.


1 large container (16 oz) strawberries
½ c. strawberry All-Fruit
1 tsp. grated orange zest
2 tsp. orange juice
Serve with: lemon or other flavor sorbet
Make Sauce: Combine ingredients in a medium bowl; let stand at least 30 minutes to blend flavors.
Process 1⁄2 cup in food processor until puréed. Spoon into a ziptop bag.
To serve: Spoon sauce on each plate; top with a scoop of sorbet. Cut tip off corner of ziptop bag; pipe purée on sorbet. The sauce is also good on puddings, plain cakes and ice cream.


2 stick  unsalted butter
.67 c. packed light-brown sugar
.67 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
¾ tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. salt
2⅓ c. all-purpose flour
7 oz. tube of almond paste
6  whites from 6 large eggs
6 c. sweetened shredded coconut
Heat oven to 375°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Beat  butter, sugars and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 1 to 2 minutes until fluffy. Beat in eggs, baking soda and salt until combined. Add flour and beat on low speed until blended. Crumble a 7-oz  tube of almond paste into a food processor. Add whites from 6 large eggs; process until smooth. Stir into dough along with 6 cups sweetened shredded coconut.
Drop rounded tablespoons dough about 1 1⁄2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 8 to 9 minutes until edges are golden brown. Cool on sheet 1 to 2 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.


1 pt. blueberries
¼ c. sugar
¼ c. water
1 box  frozen puff pastry
1¾ qt. Edy’s or Dreyer’s Slow Churned Rich & Creamy Light Strawberry Ice Cream
Have ready ungreased baking sheets and 4-in. and 2-in. star-shaped cookie cutters.
Gently boil 1 1⁄4 cups blueberries, the sugar and water 7 to 10 minutes until slightly thickened. Purée in blender. Refrigerate until cool or up to 3 days. Bring to room temperature to serve.
Heat oven to 400°F. Cut out 12 large and 6 small stars from pastry sheets. Put 1 1⁄2 in. apart on baking sheets. Bake as box directs; cool on a wire rack.
Cut ice cream carton open; remove ice cream and slice in 1-in.-thick rounds. Cut out six 4-in. stars. Freeze stars on baking sheet; save rest of ice cream for another use.
To serve: Spoon 2 1⁄2 Tbsp blueberry sauce on each dessert plate. Place 1 large pastry star upside down on sauce. Top with an ice cream star, then another  large pastry star. Sprinkle sauce with 3 Tbsp fresh blueberries; add a small star and dust with confectioners' sugar, if desired.
Different Takes: Cut stars from 1-in.-thick slices of poundcake instead of puff pastry. Use another flavor ice cream or a fruit sorbet. Add sliced strawberries to the dessert plates.


canned vanilla frosting
Assorted liquid food colors
LU Shortbread cookies (they’re the perfect shape)
Minis Rainbow Vanilla Meringue Cookies, pointed tips rubbed off
Snowflake candy decors
Spoon frosting into cups and tint to desired colors for hat bands and bows. Spoon into small ziptop bags. Cut tip off 1 corner of each bag.
For each bonnet: Squeeze a dime-size dot of frosting in center of shortbread cookie. Set a meringue on frosting; press down gently to adhere.
Pipe on a frosting hat band and bow using different colors. Decorate bow with decors. Let frosting set before storing.


2 can  vanilla frosting
Blue, red, green, yellow, red, orange, black and purple paste or gel food color
Two 9-in. cooled, baked cake layers, tops trimmed level and 1 layer frozen at least 2 hours for easier cutting
2 box  Jell-O Berry Blue gelatin
Teddy Grahams cookies
Striped sour belt candy
9  thin pretzel sticks
1  wafer ice cream cup
1 can  blue food decorating spray (see Note)
2  red (.55 oz each) Air Heads candy bars
½ c. white chocolate chips
2 tbsp. Blue crystal sugar
4  blue (.55 oz each) Air Heads candy bars
1  green (.55 oz) Air Heads candy bar
½ c. mini blue M&M;’s
1  yellow spice drop
1  peach gummy ring
1 strip peppermint candy ball
You also need: qt-size ziptop bags
Tint 1 can frosting light blue with food color; set aside. Spoon 1⁄2 cup frosting from other can into a ziptop bag; seal.
Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate. Spread top with some blue frosting. Top with other cake, flat side up. Starting about 1 in. from front edge of cake, cut a kidney-shape outline about 11⁄2 in. deep. Using a fork, remove cake in outline in an even layer. (You won't need cutout piece of cake.)
Water: Prepare gelatin using a total of 2 cups of water. Set in a bowl of ice cubes and water; stir until gelatin just begins to thicken. Pour into a spouted measuring cup; pour into pool and refrigerate at least 2 hours until set. (Refrigerate any remaining gelatin for splashes.
Teddy Grahams: Divide remaining untinted frosting among cups; tint each a desired color for decorating bear cookies. Spoon each color into a ziptop bag; cut a tiny tip off corner of each and pipe clothing and details on bears; let dry
Flags & ladder: Cut striped sour belt candy into five 1- to 11⁄2-in. flags. Cut tip off a corner of bag with vanilla frosting and pipe a line on top of 5 pretzels. Attach a flag; let dry at least 30 minutes. Cut 2 pretzel sticks into 1-in. pieces for rungs on ladder. Use frosting to glue onto 2 other pretzels; let dry
Water slide platform: Spray wafer cone blue with blue spray food color. Let dry. Water slide: Press 2 red Air Heads end to end to make an 8-in.-long strip. Curve strip and bend up sides. Heat white chocolate chips in a ziptop bag in microwave until just melted. Snip a tiny tip off corner; pipe chocolate down center of strip; sprinkle with blue sugar. Refrigerate at least 5 minutes until set.
Place water slide platform, open end down, on a plate. Put 1 end of water slide on top of platform. Reheating chocolate if necessary, pipe a generous drop to secure slide. Prop up with cans or boxes; let set at least 15 minutes
Frost top and sides of cake with remaining blue frosting; spread smooth. Pipe outline around pool with vanilla frosting.
Waves: Microwave blue Air Heads a few seconds to soften. With a rolling pin, roll out pieces end to end to 24 in. long. Cut out waves with scissors along 1 edge; cut straight along other edge. Press strip around base of cake
Surfer: Cut the green Air Heads into a 2-in. oval. Press onto side of cake on top of a wave. Cut a small triangle as the fin. Add a bear surfer.
Attach mini M&M;'s around top edge of cake. Insert a flag in spice drop; set in place on top of platform. Insert remaining flags in cake; add ladder, gummy ring, ball and bears. Chop reserved gelatin; place at base of slide. Pipe whitecaps on top of waves with vanilla frosting, birds on side with blue-tinted frosting. Crush a few undecorated bears; sprinkle at base of cake for sand.Note:


2 large eggs, plus yolk of 1 large egg
2½ c. whole milk
½ c. sugar
½ tsp. each almond and vanilla extract
1 bag 90-second microwave long-grain rice
¾ c. dried cranberries
Heat oven to 325ºF. Put six 6-oz ramekins or custard cups on a rimmed baking sheet.
Whisk eggs, egg yolk, milk, sugar and extracts in a medium bowl until blended. Heat rice in microwave as package directs.
Put 1/4 cup hot rice and 2 Tbsp cranberries into each ramekin, then add the egg mixture (about 1/2 cup to each).
Bake 35 minutes, or until a knife inserted in centers comes out clean. Best served warm.


1 pt. strawberries
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tub  whole-milk ricotta cheese
4 oz. cream cheese
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
¼ tsp. almond extract
1 box  sugar cones (12 cones)
Garnish: chocolate mini chips and sliced strawberries
At least 1 day before serving, proceed through Step 3. Line a colander and a medium-size strainer with a sturdy paper towel; set each in a bowl.
Pulse strawberries and granulated sugar in food processor until coarsely chopped. Scrape into colander, top with a paper towel and refrigerate overnight to drain well (this is important). Clean processor.
Put ricotta, cream cheese and confectioners' sugar in processor; pulse until smooth. Transfer to strainer, cover with a paper towel and refrigerate overnight.
Just before serving: Prop cones upright in tall glasses partially filled with granulated sugar to support cones. Fold drained berries and almond extract into ricotta mixture. Spoon into a gallon-size ziptop bag. Cut 1⁄2 in. off a corner; pipe filling into cones and garnish. The sugar cones replace the usual pastry shells, which can be hard to make or find in stores.


1 stick  unsalted butter
.67 c. sugar
1½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
½ c. milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. seedless strawberry jam
½ c. diced strawberries
3 tbsp. sugar
3 oz. chilled cream cheese
¾ c. heavy (whipping) cream
Garnish: 12 whole strawberries
Heat oven to 350°F. Line 12 regular-size (21⁄2-in. diameter) muffin cups with paper liners. Have ready a large pastry bag fitted with a 1⁄4- to 1⁄2-in. round piping tip.
Make Cupcakes: Beat butter, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with mixer on high speed 1 minute, or until blended. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, until combined. On low speed, beat in milk and vanilla (batter will look curdled), then beat in flour just until blended. Spoon into lined cups.
Bake 20 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in centers of cupcakes comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes before removing from pan to rack to cool completely.
Spoon jam into pastry bag. Insert pastry tip into top of each cupcake and carefully pipe as much jam into center of each as possible (tops of cupcakes will bulge slightly).
Make Frosting: Stir strawberries and sugar in a large bowl; let stand 2 minutes. Beat with mixer until mashed. Add cream cheese; beat 2 minutes until well blended. Add cream and beat until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted.
Up to 2 hours before serving: Spoon Frosting into a pastry bag fitted with a 1⁄2-in. round piping tip. Pipe frosting on cupcakes. Garnish each with a berry and refrigerate.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 stick  cold butter
1 box banana quick-bread & muffin mix
3 large eggs
½ c. oil
½ pt. reduced-fat sour cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. chopped pecans
Garnish: confectioners’ sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly coat a 9-in. springform pan with nonstick spray.
Make Streusel: Put flour, brown sugar and cinnamon in a large bowl  or a food processor. Stir or pulse to mix. Add butter and cut in with a  pastry blender, or pulse in the processor until mixture resembles coarse  crumbs.
Make Cake: Put ingredients in a large bowl; stir until well  blended. Spread half in prepared pan. Sprinkle with 1 cup Streusel and  1/2 cup pecans. Drop spoonfuls of remaining cake batter on top; spread  gently into an even layer. Sprinkle with remaining Streusel and  pecans.
Bake 50 to 55 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center  comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 10 minutes before removing  pan sides. Cool cake completely.


.67 c. boiling water
1 box  pineapple-flavor gelatin
2 c. ice cubes
2 c. frozen light whipped topping
1 tsp. grated lime zest
1¼ c. chopped mango and papaya
1 oz. ready-to-fill reduced-fat graham-cracker crust
¼ c. sweetened flaked coconut
Stir boiling water into gelatin in large bowl until completely dissolved. Add ice cubes; stir until gelatin begins to thicken, about 1 minute. Remove and discard unmelted ice.
Whisk in 1 cup whipped topping and the lime zest. Fold in remaining topping, then the fruit. Spoon into crust. Sprinkle edge of pie with coconut. Refrigerate at least 3 hours until set.


4 c. assorted fruit, chilled (1 cup each blueberries, cubed honeydew melon, cubed pineapple and halved strawberries)
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. tequila or water
1 tsp. grated lime zest
2 tbsp. lime juice
1  lime wedge
Garnish: coarse decorating sugar
Mix fruit in large bowl. Stir sugar and tequila with lime zest and juice in small bowl. Toss with fruit, cover and chill.
Rub lime wedge around rim of 4 margarita glasses; dip glasses in sugar. Fill each glass with fruit cocktail.


2 stick  unsalted butter
.67 c. packed light-brown sugar
.67 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
¾ tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. salt
2⅓ c. all-purpose flour
.67 c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 bag  English toffee bits
1½ c. coarsely chopped pecans
2  coarsely chopped 10-oz bars milk chocolate
Heat oven to 375°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Beat butter, sugars and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 1 to 2 minutes until fluffy. Beat in eggs, baking soda and salt until combined. Add flour and beat on low speed until blended.
Stir in 2⁄3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 bag (10 oz) English toffee bits, 1 1⁄2 cups coarsely chopped pecans and 2 coarsely chopped 10-oz bars milk chocolate.
Drop rounded tablespoons dough about 1 1⁄2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 8 to 9 minutes until edges are golden brown. Cool on sheet 1 to 2 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.


1  frozen family-size poundcake (16 oz)
11 package white Chiclets, Trident or other brand gum (121 pieces)
6 package Wintergreen Fusion Trident gum (36 dark blue and 36 light blue pieces)
2 can  whipped fluffy white frosting
6  white Good & Plenty licorice candies
Green, blue and red paste or gel food color
1  frozen poundcake (10.75 oz)
3  Rice Krispies Treats bars
1½ c. pink mini marshmallows (from 10.5-oz bag of assorted mini marshmallows)
1  doughnut hole
1  tube (4.25 oz) chocolate decorating frosting
1 large white marshmallow
1  gray Necco candy wafer
One 6 1⁄2-in. thin breadstick (grissini)
1  Pepperidge Farm Bordeaux or other rectangular cookie
1 stick  Cool Green Apple gum
1-in. piece sour belt candy
1 1⁄2-in. duck candle or sugar duck decoration
1  Pez candy
Make Tile floor: Cut large poundcake crosswise in 12 slices, each about 3⁄4 in. thick. On a flat 12 x 9-in. or larger serving surface, line up 4 slices cake, long sides touching. Add 2 more rows, short sides touching, to make an 11 x 8-in. rectangle. Spoon 1 Tbsp white frosting into a cup; reserve. Spread remaining frosting in can over sides and top of cake for floor. Top with gum tiles as shown. Set aside.
Make Faucets: Cut 4 licorice candies crosswise in half. Use reserved 1 Tbsp frosting to attach 4 halves to each whole candy. Set aside to dry.
Spoon 1 Tbsp frosting from other can into a small cup; tint green. Put into a ziptop bag; seal. Put 1 tsp frosting in each of 3 small cups. Thin each with a few drops of water. Tint 1 blue and 1 pink. Cover; set aside. Put 1⁄3 cup white frosting in another ziptop bag; seal.
Make Tub & Bubbles: Trim about 3⁄4 in. off 2 corners on one side of remaining poundcake to round off edge. Trim cake so sides slant slightly from top edge to bottom. Put tub on a baking sheet. Spread top and sides with only 1⁄3 cup frosting from can. Cut each Krispies bar lengthwise in 3 equal strips. Slightly roll 7 strips (you don't need the other two) with your hands on work surface to round the edges. Gently press strips onto frosting around top of tub to form rim. Spread sides of tub and strips with remaining.
Make Bather: Insert a toothpick into doughnut hole. Holding toothpick, pipe on chocolate frosting hair. Use toothpicks dipped in thinned frosting in cups to draw features: white and blue for eyes; pink for mouth. Squeeze a little chocolate frosting onto a small cup; thin with a few drops of water and draw eyelashes. Insert toothpick in bather through bubbles into cake
Make Shower: Cut large marshmallow diagonally in half. Pipe some chocolate frosting on an uncut flat side of marshmallow; press on Necco wafer. Using thinned white frosting in cup, draw tiny dots on wafer. Insert marshmallow onto breadstick; insert other end of breadstick into cake on straight end of tub. Put a faucet on each side of shower. With thinned chocolate frosting, draw an H on one faucet, C on the other
Make Bath Mat: Snip corner off bag with green frosting. Pipe swirls on cookie.
Make Towel: Draw X's with thinned green food color on ends of gum on both sides. Bend gum over a wooden spoon handle to fold towel.
Slippers: Cut four 1⁄4-in. pieces of sour belt candy. Bend 2 pieces; place on flat pieces.
Put tub on tile floor, duck in bubbles, and towel and soap on edge of tub.


2 stick  unsalted butter
.67 c. packed light-brown sugar
.67 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
¾ tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. salt
2⅓ c. all-purpose flour
12 oz. coarsely chopped white baking chocolate
1 c. coarsely chopped macadamia nuts
½ c. chopped dried mango
½ c. chopped dried pineapple
1 tbsp. grated lime zest
Heat oven to 375°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Beat butter, sugars and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 1 to 2 minutes until fluffy. Beat in eggs, baking soda and salt until combined. Add flour and beat on low speed until blended. Stir in coarsely chopped white baking chocolate, coarsely chopped macadamia nuts, chopped dried mango, dried pineapple and grated lime zest.
Drop rounded tablespoons dough about 1 1⁄2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 8 to 9 minutes until edges are golden brown. Cool on sheet 1 to 2 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.


15  pecan shortbread cookies (1/2 of a 16-oz pkg)
½ c. sweetened flaked coconut
¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
½ tsp. ground nutmeg
2 can  pear halves
1 bag  unsweetened frozen raspberries
1½ tsp. lemon zest
Heat oven to 375ºF. Coat a shallow 2-qt baking dish with nonstick spray.
Crush cookies in a large plastic food bag with a rolling pin or the back of a spoon until coarse crumbs form. Add coconut; shake to mix.
Stir sugar, cornstarch and nutmeg in a large bowl until blended. Add pears, frozen raspberries and lemon zest. Toss to mix well. Spoon into prepared baking dish; sprinkle with cookie mixture.
Bake, uncovered, 50 minutes, covering dish loosely with foil after 30 minutes, until juices bubble. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Good with: vanilla ice cream


2 c. granulated sugar
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
1 c. buttermilk
1 stick  unsalted butter
2 tbsp. light corn syrup
2 c.  pecans
Line 3 baking sheets with nonstick foil.
Bring sugars, buttermilk, butter and corn syrup to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Boil 8 minutes or until a candy thermometer registers 230°F (or when a small amount of syrup dropped into very cold water forms a 2-in. thread). Add pecans; stir 10 seconds or until bubbling subsides. Return to a boil; boil 5 minutes or  until a candy thermometer registers 240°F (or when syrup dropped into very cold water forms a soft ball, which flattens when removed).
Remove from heat (take extra care not to spatter the hot sugar mixture) and stir vigorously 3 minutes or until mixture thickens and turns from clear to opaque.
Working quickly, drop tablespoons at least 1 in. apart onto prepared baking sheets. (Stir briefly over low heat if mixture gets too thick.) Cool completely. A candy thermometer is  very helpful but not essential.


1 box  brownie mix
1½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
3 tbsp. sugar
8 oz. white baking chocolate
Liquid food colors
Heat oven to 350°F. Double up 24 Reynolds foil egg-shaped baking cups so you have 12 nested cups. Coat with nonstick spray. Place on a rimmed baking sheet.
Make Brownies: Prepare brownie mix as directed on box for fudgy brownies. Divide batter among cups (about 3 Tbsp each). Bake 15 to 20 minutes until a toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool completely on a wire rack.
Make Mousse: Heat 1⁄2 cup cream and the sugar in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add chocolate; stir until melted. Scrape into a medium bowl and let cool.
Beat remaining 1 cup cream with mixer on high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Stir a large dollop into chocolate mixture, then fold in remaining.
Remove 3⁄4 cup mousse. Divide among as many small bowls as colors you plan to use. Tint each a color. Spoon into small ziptop bags, press out air, then seal bags.
Spoon remaining mousse on brownies (about 2 rounded Tbsp each). Spread to edge. Cut tip off 1 corner of each bag; pipe designs on eggs. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before removing foil to serve.


1 stick  butter
¾ c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. baking powder
2 large eggs
¾ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ c. sugar
½ c. half-and-half
¼ c. light corn syrup
3 tbsp. butter
2 tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. salt
2 pt. vanilla ice cream
Garnish: whipped cream and maraschino cherries
Heat oven to 350°F. Line an 8-in. square baking pan with foil, letting foil extend above baking pan on 2 sides. Grease foil in pan.
Make Brownies: Beat butter, sugar, vanilla and baking powder in a medium bowl with mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in eggs until blended. On low speed, beat in flour and cocoa. Spread in pan.
Bake 20 to 25 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted near center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Meanwhile, make Fudge Sauce: Whisk cocoa and sugar in a saucepan or microwavable bowl to blend. Stir in remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally until smooth.
To serve: Lift brownie from pan; cut in 9 squares. Place in dessert dishes. Top each with ice cream, warm sauce, whipped cream and a cherry.


1  10.75-oz store-bought frozen poundcake
2 large egg yolks
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1⅓ c. whole milk
¼ c. instant coffee
6 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
¾ c. heavy cream
14  chocolate-covered coffee beans
Using a long knife, trim the crust off the poundcake so cake resembles a brick (you won't need the crust). Cut cake lengthwise into 6 equal slices. Place slices, long sides touching, side by side on a sheet of wax paper on work surface. Top with wax paper.
With a rolling pin, roll slices into a rectangle, roughly 12 1/2" x 9 1/2" (slices should fuse together). If cake cracks, patch with crumbs (from ends) while rolling. Slide, still between wax paper, onto a flat baking sheet; set aside.
Whisk the yolks in a medium bowl, set aside. In a medium saucepan, whisk together the sugar and cornstarch. Whisk in the milk and bring to a boil. Boil, whisking constantly for 1 minute. Remove from heat.
Gradually whisk half the milk-sugar mixture into the yolks. Add the entire yolk mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring often, until the mixture thickens, 10 to 12 minutes.
Remove from heat and add the coffee and chocolate chips. Stir until coffee dissolves and chips melt. Transfer 1/2 cup of the custard mixture to a small bowl and cover with plastic, pressing the plastic directly against the surface; refrigerate.
Remove the wax paper from top of the cake. Spread the remaining custard evenly over the cake, leaving a 1/4-in border all the way around. Place a piece of wax paper directly on the chocolate custard-covered poundcake (to keep it from forming a skin). Refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes
Meanwhile, using an electric mixer, beat the cream in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Fold in the reserved 1/2 cup chocolate custard; refrigerate until read to use.
Have ready a serving surface (see tip). Carefully lift wax paper off custard. Using wax paper under cake as an aid, roll up cake from a long side, jelly roll--style. Gently roll onto serving platter.
Scrape 1/3 cup of the reserved whipped cream mixture into resealable plastic bag; set aside. Frost the cake with the remaining whipped cream mixture.
Snip tip off corner of bag of reserved whipped cream and pipe 14 large dots down length of cake. Place a chocolate coffee bean on each. Refrigerate until frosting is firm, at least 2 hours or cover loosely with plastic and refrigerate for up to 2 days.


4 oz. cream cheese
½ stick  butter
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 stick butter
4 oz. semisweet baking chocolate
1 c. sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3 large eggs
2/3 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. baking powder
Garnish: 12 fresh raspberries
Heat oven to 325°F. Line 12 regular-size muffin cups with paper or foil liners.
Make Frosting: Beat ingredients on low speed to blend, then on high speed 2 minutes until light and fluffy. Refrigerate to firm up frosting.
Make Cupcakes: Melt butter and chocolate in a medium saucepan  over low heat, stirring until melted and smooth. Remove from heat. Whisk  in sugar and vanilla, then eggs, 1 at a time, until well blended. Stir  in flour, cocoa and baking powder just to blend. Pour into muffin  cups.
Bake 33 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in centers  comes out with moist crumbs. Cool in pan on a wire rack (cupcakes may  sink slightly).
Spoon frosting into a large ziptop bag, snip 1⁄2 in.  off 1 corner and pipe swirls on top of cupcakes. Garnish each with a  raspberry.


1  family-size box brownie mix with syrup pouch (22.5 oz), prepared as directed on box,  using 2 eggs
1½ c. uncooked oats
1 c. walnuts
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease baking sheet(s).
Mix all ingredients until well blended. Cover and let stand 30 minutes for oats to absorb liquid. Drop rounded tablespoons 1 1⁄2 in. apart on baking sheet(s)
Bake 10 to 12 minutes until tops look crackled and satiny. Remove with spatula to a wire rack to cool.


8 whole graham crackers (2 squares each)
10 oz. white baking chocolate
2 box poundcake mix (preferably Betty Crocker)
2 can strawberry frosting
1 can vanilla frosting
4 whole graham crackers
9  creme-filled sugar wafer cookies
1  white gumball
Assorted edible rings, earrings and brooches (directions follow), candy necklaces or other purchased edible jewelry
You also need: 1 pastry bag with coupler, 1 small star tip and 1 writing tip
Make Lid: On a large foil-lined baking sheet arrange 4 whole graham crackers, flat sides down and long sides touching. Next to them, add 1 more row, narrow ends touching, to make a rectangle about 10 x 8 3⁄4 in. Melt white chocolate as package directs. Evenly spread over crackers to cover. (If some seeps between crackers, that's OK.) Let chocolate dry overnight.
Make Jewelry Box Cake: Heat oven to 325ºF. Coat a 13 x 9 x 2-in. baking pan with nonstick spray. Line bottom with wax paper; spray paper. Prepare 1 box cake mix as package directs. Spread batter evenly in prepared pan. Bake 25 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack 10 minutes before inverting on rack to cool completely. Repeat with other box of cake mix. Wrap and refrigerate.
To assemble: Carefully invert Lid so chocolate is underneath. Spread top with 2⁄3 cup strawberry frosting.
Cut a 2-in. strip from one short end of each cake. Cut a 1-in. piece crosswise off 1 strip. Set aside uncut strip and 1-in. piece for drawer (you won't need rest of cut strip).
Put 1 cake layer, right side up, on a flat 14 x 12-in. or larger serving surface, leaving at least 2 1⁄2 in. from front edge of serving surface for the drawer. Spread top of cake with 2⁄3 cup strawberry frosting; top with other cake, right side up. Frost top with 2⁄3 cup vanilla frosting.
Make Compartments: Using a sawing motion with a serrated knife, carefully cut remaining 4 crackers in half lengthwise. Frost 1 side using 2 Tbsp vanilla frosting. Put frosted sides, facing in, into frosting around top edge of cake. Set wafer cookies, long edge down, into frosting to make compartments.
Reserve 1⁄4 cup vanilla frosting. Place remaining vanilla frosting in pastry bag fitted with writing tip. With shorter edge of frosted lid facing you, pipe name and butterflies on top 3⁄4 of lid (when attached to box, bottom of lid won't be seen).
Frost sides of cake with 1 1⁄3 cup strawberry frosting. Carefully lift lid and attach to back of cake, gently pressing to adhere to frosting on cake. Stack filled food cans against back of lid to hold it in place until frosting sets.
Make Drawer: Press reserved cake strip A (click here for diagram ) and 1-in. piece B onto front of cake. Frost top and sides with reserved 1⁄4 cup vanilla frosting. Place remaining halved crackers, frosted sides in, around drawer. Coat with strawberry frosting. Press gumball knob in center.
Pipe butterflies on sides of cake. Change piping tip to star tip. Pipe stars around lid, top of box and drawer. Let set at least 4 to 6 hours. Remove cans.
Fill with edible jewelry.
To make rings & earrings: Use frosting to glue assorted rock candy or gumballs to gummy or regular Lifesavers candies. Glue assorted rock candy to Sunkist Fruit Gems with frosting.




1 c. chopped hazelnuts
1 package  refrigerated sugar cookie dough
1 jar  cherry preserves
½ c. mixed golden raisins and dried cherries (such as Sun-Maid)
½ c. confectioners’ sugar
Have ready a 9-in. round fluted tart pan with removable bottom, a 21/2-in. snowflake cookie cutter and baking sheet(s).
Pulse nuts in a food processor until finely ground. Add chunks of cookie dough; pulse until blended. With floured fingers, pat 1 cup plus 2 Tbsp evenly over bottom and up sides of tart pan. Refrigerate.
Roll out 1/2 cup dough between 2 sheets of wax paper to a 9-in. round. Remove top sheet; cut out 1 snowflake in middle and 5 more, evenly spaced, about 1/2 in. from edges around center cutout (leave on wax paper). Slide onto a baking sheet; freeze 15 minutes.
Mix preserves and raisin mixture in a bowl. Spread over dough in pan.
Using a small metal spatula, remove snowflake cutouts and transfer to ungreased baking sheet. Leave pastry round on wax paper (for top of tart); freeze 10 minutes just until firm. Invert on top of preserves; trim edges.
Position racks to divide oven in thirds. Heat to 350°F.
Roll out remaining dough between 2 sheets of wax paper to 1/8 in. thick. Remove top sheet; cut out as many snowflakes as possible. Freeze 15 minutes; add to baking sheet. Reroll and cut scraps.
Bake tart on lower oven rack 45 minutes, cookies on upper rack 6 to 8 minutes, or until both are golden. Remove to a wire rack to cool completely.
Snowflakes: Stir confectioners' sugar with 1 to 2 tsp water until smooth. Spoon into a small ziptop bag, cut a small tip off 1 corner and pipe snowflake design on cookies. Let dry.


½ c. sugar
2 tsp. cornstarch
1 large egg
Yolks from 2 large eggs
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
¼ c. lemon juice
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
Hearts: 1/4 cup seedless strawberry jam and red liquid food color
Mix sugar and cornstarch in a small, heavy saucepan. Whisk in the egg, egg yolks and lemon zest and juice until blended.
Cook over medium heat, gently stirring with whisk, 3 to 5 minutes until mixture boils and thickens. Reduce heat to medium-low; cook 2 minutes longer to eliminate cornstarch taste; remove from heat. Pour through a strainer set over a bowl; place plastic wrap directly on surface to prevent skin from forming. Refrigerate 1 hour, or until cold.
Beat cream in a large bowl with mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold in lemon mixture until well blended. Refrigerate about 1 hour before assembling parfaits.
Hearts: Stir strawberry jam in a small bowl, adding drops of food color until bright red.
To assemble parfaits: Have ready four 2/3-cup champagne or parfait glasses or goblets. Scrape mousse and jam into separate qt-size ziptop bags. Cut a 1/2-in. tip off a corner of bag with mousse, and a tiny tip off a corner of bag with jam.
For each parfait: Pipe a small layer of mousse into a glass. Pipe 3 or more dots of jam on the mousse against the inside of the glass. Cover with another layer of mousse. Insert a skewer through the top layer of mousse and push the skewer down through the center of each dot to form a heart. Repeat layers twice; top with rest of mousse. Refrigerate until serving.


4 large eggs
1 c. sugar
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. each baking soda and salt
4 oz. white baking chocolate
1 c. oil
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. all-purpose flour
½ pt. reduced-fat sour cream
½ c. red candy melts or wafers
2 tsp. solid vegetable shortening
¼ c. white chocolate chips
4 oz. white baking chocolate
2 stick unsalted butter
3 c. confectioners’ sugar
4 oz. regular cream cheese
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Red paste food color (Available in stores where party and cake-decorating supplies are sold)
Heat oven to 350°F. Line bottoms of two 9 x 2-in. cake pans with wax paper. Coat with nonstick spray.
Make Cake: Beat eggs in a large bowl with mixer on medium-high speed until foamy. Gradually beat in sugar, then baking powder, baking soda and salt. Beat 1 minute. Beat in white chocolate, oil and extract until blended. On low speed, beat in flour in 3 additions, alternating with sour cream in 2 additions, just until blended. Divide between pans (3 cups in each); spread evenly.
Bake 25 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center of cakes comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes before inverting cakes on rack, peeling off paper and cooling completely.
Make Conversation Hearts: Line a baking sheet with nonstick foil. Microwave candy melts and shortening in a small bowl on high, stirring often, 1 minute, or until melted and smooth. Pour onto lined baking sheet; spread to 1/8 in. thick. Refrigerate 2 minutes, or until set. Cut out about 7 large hearts and several smaller hearts from set candy melts using 2 1/2- and 1 3/4-in. heart-shaped cookie cutters; place hearts on another lined baking sheet.
Put white chocolate chips in a qt-size ziptop bag. Microwave on high 30 seconds. Press bag to see if chocolate has melted. If not, repeat at 5-second intervals. Knead bag until chocolate is smooth. Cut tip off a corner and pipe words and decorations on hearts.
Make Pink White-Chocolate Frosting: Beat white chocolate and butter in a large bowl with mixer on medium-high speed until well blended.
Add sugar, cream cheese and extract. Beat on low speed until blended. Increase speed to medium-high; beat 1 to 2 minutes until fluffy. Beat in food color to tint frosting pink. If necessary, refrigerate briefly until firm enough to spread. Makes 5 1/2 cups.
To Assemble: Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate. Spread top with 1 1/2 cups frosting. Top with remaining layer, bottom side up. Spread top and sides with remaining frosting and decorate with hearts. Refrigerate until 15 minutes before serving.


2.67 c. all-purpose flour
2¼ c. sugar
1 c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
¾ c. oil
2 tbsp. distilled white vinegar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 bag milk-chocolate chips
1¾ c. or 12 oz semisweet chocolate chips (2 cups)
Heat oven to 350°F. Have ready a 13 x 9-in. baking pan.
Put flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda and salt in ungreased pan. Stir with a whisk until blended, shaking occasionally to settle ingredients. (Flour should be blended completely, but some lumps of cocoa may remain.)
With a wooden spoon, make 3 "wells" in mixture. Pour oil into one well, vinegar into another and vanilla into the third. Pour 2 cups lukewarm water over all. Stir until blended, scraping sides, corners and bottom of pan (some lumps may remain).
Use a rubber spatula, then a paper towel to wipe excess batter off sides of pan.
Bake 30 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean.
Remove from oven to a wire rack and immediately sprinkle chocolate chips over cake. Let stand 5 minutes until soft, then spread to edge in decorative swirls. Let cool completely.


1 can  apple pie filling or topping
1 loaf  challah bread
2 box  cook & serve vanilla pudding and pie filling
1 qt. whole milk
2 tbsp. lemon zest
¾ c. Goldens and Cherries (mix of golden raisins and dried cherries; from a 6-oz pouch) or 3/4 cup golden raisins
Garnish: confectioners’ sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. Have a 13 x 9-in. or 3-qt shallow baking dish ready.
Spread apple pie filling in baking dish. Layer bread in a single layer on top, overlapping slices shingle-fashion. Whisk pudding mix and milk in a large bowl 2 minutes. Stir in lemon zest and Goldens and Cherries. Pour over bread, pressing bread down so it's completely saturated.
Bake 50 minutes, or until a knife inserted in center comes out clean.
Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Good with: Vanilla-Rum Sauce (recipe follows)
Vanilla-Rum Sauce: Stir 1 Tbsp rum and 1/4 tsp ground nutmeg into 1 cup melted vanilla ice cream. Makes 1 cup.


Twelve 3 1⁄2 x 1 3⁄4-in. brownies (we used a 28-oz pkg of Little Debbie Cosmic brownies)
2 can  whipped fluffy white frosting
6  paste or gel food colors* (we used yellow, green, blue, pink, orange and purple)
24 large assorted-color gumdrops
sugar
24  mint Mentos
24  white Good & Plenty licorice candies
2  rolls Kellogg’s Rainbow Rush Fruit Streamers
You also need: 1 1⁄2-in. round cookie cutter and 1 qt-size ziptop bag
Line 2 baking sheets with wax paper. Place a wire rack on each. Put brownies flat side up on racks.
Put 1⁄3 cup frosting in each of 6 small microwave-safe bowls. Tint each a different color. Cover with plastic wrap; set aside. Place 1⁄4 cup white frosting in qt-size ziptop bag; seal bag.
Roll out gumdrops on a lightly sugared surface with a rolling pin until each is about 1⁄8 in. thick. Cut 12 into 1 1⁄2 x 1-in. rectangles. Using cookie cutter, cut out 12 circles from remaining gumdrops.
Microwave 1 bowl tinted frosting 5 seconds on high, then stir. Continue heating, 5 seconds at a time, stirring until the texture of slightly whipped cream. (Don't overheat.) Pour 1 to 2 Tbsp over each of 2 brownies to cover. Repeat with other tinted frostings.
Place rectangles and circles on coated brownies as shown. Cut a tiny tip off corner of ziptop bag and pipe details on gumdrops as shown. Let dry. Remove to a serving tray.
Headphones: Pipe a dot of frosting on side of each Mento; attach a Good & Plenty. Let dry.
Wires: Separate 2 Fruit Streamers by color. Pull one end apart, leaving rest of streamer together.
Make a small hole at top edge of iPod with a toothpick and insert joined end of Fruit Streamer. Pipe a small amount of frosting to end of Good & Plenty; press to an end of a separated Fruit Streamer. Let dry.


3 c. cranberry-pomegranate juice
1 c. sugar
1  cinnamon stick (3 in.)
4 whole cloves
Red liquid food color (optional)
6 medium Bosc pears (about 3 lb)
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Garnish: pomegranate seeds and mint sprigs
Combine juice, sugar, cinnamon stick and cloves in a large saucepan. Cover, bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add a few drops food color, if desired.
Meanwhile peel pears, leaving stem attached. Add to saucepan, return to a simmer, cover and cook 15 to 20 minutes, turning pears occasionally, until tender when pierced in thickest part. Stir in vanilla.
Cool pears in saucepan, then transfer with poaching liquid to a container. Cover and refrigerate until chilled.
To serve: Halve pears lengthwise, leaving stem on 1 half. Scoop out core with a melon baller or small spoon. Cut a thin slice off bottom of halves with a stem; place upright in serving plates. Add other pear half, cut side up. Spoon some poaching liquid around pears.


4  Whites of 4 large eggs
¼ tsp. cream of tartar
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Red, green and/or yellow liquid food color
½ c. hazelnut spread (Nutella)
Heat oven to 200°F. Have ready a pastry bag fitted with a large star piping tip (see Note). Line 2 baking sheets with foil. With a 1 1⁄2-in. round (such as lid of a spice jar) as a guide, use tip of a toothpick to draw 24 circles 1 in. apart on each baking sheet.
Beat egg whites with mixer on medium speed until frothy. Add cream of tartar; beat until soft peaks form. Increase speed to high and, adding sugar a Tbsp at a time, beat until glossy, stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted and meringue feels smooth when rubbed between your fingers. Beat in vanilla.
Divide meringue in thirds, leaving 1 portion in the bowl and dividing the rest between 2 clean bowls. Whisk 2 drops food color into each batch until blended. Scrape 1 color meringue into the pastry bag; twist top to close.
Put a dot of meringue at corners of baking sheets to keep foil from slipping. Pipe swirls on foil in 16 of the outlined circles. Wipe inside of pastry bag clean with paper towels. Repeat with remaining meringue.
Bake 3 hours, or until meringues feel firm. Turn oven off; leave meringues in oven at least 1 hour, or overnight until crisp and dry inside. Peel off foil.
Sandwich each pair of meringue with 1 tsp hazelnut spread.


4 bar  mint chocolate
3 package 100 Calorie Packs Oreo Thin Crisps
3 medium peppermint candy canes
Line a baking sheet with foil. Melt chocolate in microwave on high, stirring every 10 to 15 seconds, or in a medium saucepan over very low heat, stirring often until smooth.
Stir in 1 cup crumbled cookies. Scrape onto lined pan. Spread to about 1/4 in. thick. Immediately sprinkle with crushed candy canes and remaining crumbled cookies. Pat in slightly.
Refrigerate until firm, about 45 minutes. Cut in uneven pieces. Refrigerate airtight with wax paper between layers.
Different Takes: Use a 12-oz bag of white chocolate chips instead of mint chocolate. Spoon chocolate mixture into decorative paper candy cups instead of spreading it on a baking sheet. Substitute 1 1/4 cups chopped nuts for the cookies and chopped crystallized ginger for the candy canes.


2 bottle  pomegranate juice (about 4 cups)
½ c. sugar
½ c. finely chopped crystallized or candied ginger
1 tbsp. grated orange zest
Stir ingredients in an 8-in. square aluminum or stainless steel baking pan until sugar dissolves. (Or add ingredients to an ice cream maker; freeze as manufacturer directs.)
Cover pan and place in freezer. Freeze at least 6 hours until sorbet is firm. Break in chunks, put in food processor and pulse until smooth. Pack into a 1-qt container and freeze until ready to serve.
To serve: Garnish scoops with thin strips of candied ginger and fine shreds of orange zest, if desired.
Different Takes: Use pomegranate-blueberry juice instead. Replace orange zest with lemon or lime zest. Serve scoops of the sorbet on chunks or wedges of honeydew melon.


1 large container (16 oz) strawberries
2 tbsp. sugar
can Crust
2½ tub  thin salted pretzel sticks
⅓ c. sugar
1 tsp.  unsalted butter
tbsp. FILLING
1 tbsp.  sweetened condensed milk (not evaporated milk)
1   mascarpone cheese
1⁄3  (6 Tbsp) tequila
2 tsp. (6 Tbsp) tequila
1 tbsp. grated lime zest
2 tbsp. lime juice
GARNISH
strawberry and lime slices
Lightly coat a 9-in. pie plate with nonstick spray. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil.
Thinly slice 3⁄4 cup strawberries; set aside. Cut remaining berries in  half; toss with sugar and spread on lined baking sheet. Freeze about 30  minutes until partially frozen.
Process pretzels  and sugar in food processor until fine crumbs form. Add butter; pulse  until blended. Press evenly over bottom and up sides of pie plate.  Freeze 10 minutes, or until firm.
Clean processor. Add  sugared halved strawberries; process until puréed. Add remaining  ingredients (except sliced berries); pulse until smooth. Transfer to a  bowl; stir in sliced berries.
Spoon into crust and freeze uncovered at least 6 hours. Wrap airtight and freeze at least 2 hours more.
Garnish pie, then refrigerate about 15 minutes for easier slicing.


1 package  raspberry gelatin
2 bag  frozen unsweetened raspberries
½ pt. heavy (whipping) cream
¼ c. sugar
Dissolve gelatin in 3⁄4 cup boiling water in a medium metal bowl.
Stir and press raspberries and juice through a strainer set over another bowl. Scrape purée off outside of strainer (you should have 1 3⁄4 cups). Discard seeds.
Beat cream with mixer on medium-high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted.
Stir 3⁄4 cup berry purée into gelatin. Stir sugar into rest of purée; chill.
Set bowl of gelatin in a larger bowl half-filled with ice. Stir gently just until gelatin is thick enough to mound. Beat with mixer on high speed until lighter in color and slightly increased in volume. Fold in cream until no streaks remain. Refrigerate 4 hours, or until set.
To serve: Scoop gelatin with a large serving spoon or oval ice cream scoop onto dessert plates (before every few scoops, dip spoon in cold water to help release gelatin). Spoon 3 Tbsp purée around "eggs" on each plate.
Different Takes: Stir 2 Tbsp Chambord (raspberry liqueur) into the berry purée. Use frozen blackberries and blackberry gelatin. Use frozen strawberries and strawberry gelatin. Purée strawberries with liquid in a blender instead of pressing through a strainer.


4½  chocolate graham crackers
1¼ c. milk
¼ tsp. mint extract
2 box  milk chocolate European Style mousse mix
1 c. miniature marshmallows
Line an 8-in. square pan with foil, letting foil extend about 2 in. over ends. Arrange graham crackers over bottom, cutting to fit.
Stir milk and mint extract in large bowl. Add mousse mix and prepare as package directs.
Spoon 1 cup mousse over graham crackers. Evenly sprinkle with marshmallows and spread with remaining mousse. Cover and freeze overnight.
Lift foil by ends onto cutting board. Cut in 9 squares, then in half diagonally to make triangles. Remove from foil.


2 box  flan mix
2 c. whole milk
1 can  lite coconut milk
1 c. sweetened flaked coconut
Garnish: strips of fresh or dried coconut
Have ready a round 8 x 2-in. baking dish or pan and a rimmed serving plate.
Pour caramel sauce from flan mix into baking dish. Tilt to cover bottom.
Prepare both boxes flan mix in a medium saucepan as packages direct using milk and coconut milk. Remove from heat; stir in coconut.
Ladle custard over caramel. Refrigerate at least 2 hours, or overnight.
Run a thin knife around edge of flan. Place inverted rimmed serving plate on dish. Holding plate and dish together, carefully turn both over. Lift dish, letting syrup run onto plate. Refrigerate until serving.
Can be made through Step 4 up to 3 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Unmold up to 3 hours before serving.


1 c. plain nonfat yogurt
¼ c. lemon juice (grate zest first)
1⅓ c. sugar
5 tbsp. plus 1 tsp (1/3 cup) butter
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
2 large eggs plus white of 1 large egg
2¼ c. cake flour
Heat oven to 350ºF. Coat a 12-cup bundt pan with nonstick spray.
Mix yogurt and lemon juice in a small bowl until blended. Set aside.
In a large bowl, beat sugar, butter, lemon zest, baking powder, baking soda and salt with mixer on medium speed to blend (mixture will resemble damp sand). Beat in eggs and egg white until smooth. On low speed, beat in yogurt, then flour, until just blended. Scrape into pan; smooth top.
Bake 30 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in cake comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 15 minutes before inverting on rack. Serve warm or cool. Good served with strawberries.


1 jar  lime curd
1 c. nonfat sour cream
Yellow and green liquid food color (optional)
1 c. frozen light whipped topping
1 package  mini graham cracker pie crusts (6 crusts)
Garnish: additional whipped topping, lime slices
Whisk lime curd and sour cream in large bowl until blended. Stir in yellow and green food color to tint lime green, if desired. Fold in whipped topping.
Evenly spoon about 1/2 cup into each crust. Refrigerate about 2 hours or overnight until set. Dollop with whipped topping and garnish with lime slices.


33  Social Tea Biscuits
1 c. pecans
2 tbsp. sugar
1  White from 1 large egg
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
3 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 large rinsed, patted dry, cap ends cut straight across; put cut sides down on paper towels
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 9-in. fluted tart pan with removable sides with nonstick spray.
Make Crust: Break cookies into food processor. Add nuts and sugar; pulse until fine crumbs form. Add egg white; pulse just to blend. Press evenly over bottom and up sides of tart pan. Freeze 10 minutes, or until firm. Cover crust with foil.
Bake 20 minutes; remove foil. Bake 5 minutes more, or until lightly browned. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Meanwhile, make Filling: Heat cream and butter over medium heat until butter melts. Remove from heat, add chocolate chips and let stand 2 minutes to melt. Whisk until blended and smooth. Let stand at room temperature about 1 hour until cool but still pourable. Pour into crust. Place strawberries cut sides down on filling. Refrigerate at least 2 hours for filling to set.
To serve: Put tart pan on a small, sturdy bowl; let sides fall down. Gently slide tart off pan bottom onto a serving plate.


1 stick  butter
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
1 c.  semisweet chocolate chips
1 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
13  fun-size Snickers or other snack-size candy bars
Garnish: cut-up Snickers candy bars and chopped peanuts
Coat a 9-in. glass pie dish with nonstick spray. Melt butter and brown sugar in a large saucepan over medium heat until mixture starts to bubble. Remove from heat and let cool 10 minutes.
Stir in 1 egg and the vanilla until blended, then stir in flour and baking powder until smooth. Scrape (don't spread) 3⁄4 cup into prepared pie plate; freeze 10 minutes, or until firm.
Meanwhile, heat oven to 350°F and melt 1⁄2 cup chocolate chips as package directs. Stir melted chips, remaining egg and the cocoa powder into remaining batter.
Press chilled batter evenly over bottom and halfway up sides of pie plate. Top with Snickers, then chocolate batter.
Bake 24 to 27 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out with moist crumbs attached. Sprinkle remaining 1⁄2 cup chocolate chips in middle, let stand 5 minutes until soft, then spread to blondie crust in decorative swirls. Top with garnishes. Cool before cutting in wedges.


1 c. sugar
2 can  pear halves in heavy syrup
1  refrigerated ready-to-use pie crust (from a 15-oz pkg)
½ c. fresh or frozen cranberries
Heat oven to 450ºF. Have ready an 8- to 8 1/2 x 2-in. round baking dish or pan and an ungreased baking sheet.
Cook sugar in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, 8 minutes, or just until a golden syrup forms. Immediately pour into baking dish.
Place half the pears, rounded side down, in spoke fashion on syrup. Sprinkle with some cranberries. Top with rest of pears, rounded side up, fitting to fill spaces on bottom layer. Sprinkle with remaining cranberries.
Bake 25 minutes, or until syrup is bubbly. Let cool on a wire rack to room temperature.
Meanwhile, unroll or unfold pastry on baking sheet; trim to a 9-in. round. Prick all over with a fork and bake 8 minutes.
Place pastry on pears. Top with serving plate, invert and remove baking dish.
Different Takes: Instead of fresh cranberries, use dried cranberries or raisins. Top with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. Omit cranberries; dot pears with 1 Tbsp butter before baking.


2½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
8 oz. white baking chocolate
1 box  Banquet Dessert Bakes Chocolate Silk Pie mix
2 tbsp. sugar
Heat 1⁄4 cup cream and the chocolate, stirring until chocolate melts. Transfer to a large bowl. Let cool.
Coat an 8-in. springform pan with nonstick spray. Coat sides with 1 Tbsp crust mix. Prepare rest of crust as box directs. Press over bottom.
Beat 1 1⁄4 cups cream with mixer on high speed until stiff. Stir a big dollop into white chocolate mixture; fold in remaining whipped cream.
Prepare pie filling as box directs. Spoon filling and white chocolate mousse into separate gallon ziptop bags. Cut 3⁄4 in. off 1 corner of each. Pipe a ring of pie filling around edge of pan. Pipe a ring of mousse next to pie filling. Repeat until crust is covered.
Reverse rings on next layer, starting with mousse, then repeat first two layers. Cover directly with plastic wrap; press to smooth top layer and remove any air bubbles. Refrigerate or freeze 3 hours to set.
To serve: Remove pan sides; place cake on serving plate. Beat remaining 1 cup cream and the sugar until soft peaks form. Spread on top of cake; dust with cocoa powder, if desired. Serve cold or frozen.
Different Takes: Sprinkle shaved chocolate between each of the layers. Flavor the pie filling with liqueur. Scatter some fresh raspberries between each layer.


1 package refrigerated ready-to-use pie crusts
1½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
4 large eggs
½ stick unsalted butter
¼ c. milk
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
½ c. fresh lemon juice
¾ c. dried blueberries (see Note 1)
Garnish: confectioners’ sugar
Heat oven to 425ºF. Have ready an 11 x 8-in. tart pan with removable sides and a baking sheet.
Make Crust: Unroll or unfold pie crusts. Fit to cover bottom and sides of tart pan. Brush overlapping edges with water; press to seal. Trim excess around edges. Prick bottom with a fork.
Line crust with foil; fill with ceramic pie weights, or dry beans or rice (see Note 2). Bake 5 minutes. Lift out foil and weights; bake 5 minutes more, or until just golden.
Make Filling: Meanwhile, with a whisk, stir sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl to combine. Whisk in eggs, butter, milk and lemon zest and juice. Sprinkle crust with blueberries. Place pan with crust on baking sheet; slowly pour in Filling.
Place in oven, reduce to 350ºF and bake 25 minutes, or until filling sets. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Refrigerate at least 4 hours.
To serve: Remove tart pan sides. Place 1-in.-wide foil strips diagonally across tart; dust with confectioners' sugar. Carefully lift strips; place diagonally across lines. Dust with confectioners' sugar; remove strips.
Note 1: Look for bags of dried blueberries in the produce or cereal section of your market. If unavailable, use dried cranberries.
Note 2: Ceramic pie weights, designed to prevent pastry shells from shrinking and puffing, are available in bakeware stores. Dried beans and rice serve the same purpose and can be reused endlessly.


1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. cream of coconut
1 package JELL-O Cheesecake Flavor Instant Pudding
14 oz. frozen sweetened flaked coconut
2 package COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
1  Oreo pie crust
Hard-shell chocolate ice cream topping (optional)
6  mini chocolate-coated coconut and almond candy bars
Blend together softened PHILADELPHIA Cream Cheese and cream of coconut until smooth and creamy. Add dry pudding mix and beat until well blended.
Add 1/2 thawed, but cold, coconut. Mix well. Fold in 1 tub COOL WHIP.
Pour 1/2 of pudding mixture into the OREO Pie Crust. Drizzle with hard-shell chocolate ice cream topping, if desired. Pour second half of pudding mixture over pie.
Mix 3/4 cup of toasted coconut with remaining tub of COOL WHIP and spread or pipe on pie.
Finish pie by garnishing with mini chocolate coated coconut and almond candy bars. Sprinkle remaining toasted coconut on pie.
Place in freezer 30 minutes to set or refrigerate for 45 minutes. Slice and enjoy!


½ c. cold milk
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 can fat-free sweetened condensed milk (not evaporated milk)
.13 tsp. salt
2 c. heavy (whipping) cream
Stir milk, vanilla, condensed milk and salt in a medium bowl.
Beat heavy cream in a large bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Gently fold in milk mixture. Pour into shallow 1 1/2-quart metal bowl or pan.
Cover and freeze at least 4 hours, stirring once after 2 hours or when edges start to harden. Serve, or spoon into an airtight container and freeze up to 1 week.


½ c. blanched whole almonds (without skin)
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
2 medium carrots
1 stick unsalted butter or margarine
1 c. sugar
1 pinch salt
3 large eggs
1 tbsp. freshly grated lemon peel
1 tsp. fresh lemon juice
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. cream of tartar
confectioners' sugar
Lemon-peel twists
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease an 8-inch layer-cake pan. Line bottom with waxed paper. Grease paper.
Put almonds in a food processor and pulse until coarsely ground. Transfer to a small bowl. Add flour and baking powder. Stir to mix. Without washing processor, pulse carrots until finely chopped (you will have about 3/4 cup).
Beat butter, sugar and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer until pale and creamy. Beat in yolks, one at a time. Beat in lemon juice and vanilla. Stir in lemon peel, then flour mixture. When blended, stir in carrots.
With clean beaters beat egg whites until foamy. Add cream of tartar and continue beating until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold whites into butter mixture one third at a time. Scrape batter into prepared pan.
Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Invert cake on rack and peel off paper. Place cake right side up on serving plate. Dust with confectioners' sugar and garnish with lemon twists. Make this cake a day or two before you plan to serve it so the mild, not-too-sweet flavor can mellow.


1 c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
1 large egg (cold from refrigerator)
½ c. cold buttermilk
½ tsp. vanilla
⅓ c. butter or margarine
¾ c. sugar
⅓ c. water
½ tsp. almond extract
.67 c. sliced almonds
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease a round 9-inch layer-cake pan, preferably one with a removable bottom (such as a springform pan).
Cake: In a large bowl, whisk flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder and salt until blended.
In a medium bowl, whisk the egg, buttermilk and vanilla until smooth, then stir in butter. Add to flour mixture and beat with a wooden spoon until almost smooth. Pour into prepared pan.
Bake until middle of cake springs back slightly when lightly pressed with a finger, 30 to 35 minutes.
Syrup: About 10 minutes before cake comes out of the oven, mix sugar and water in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and boil until mixture reaches 220°F on a candy thermometer (or syrup runs off a cool metal spoon in drops that merge to form a sheet). Remove from heat and stir in extract.
Heat broiler. While cake is still hot, sprinkle top evenly with sliced almonds. Slowly pour hot syrup over top of cake, letting it soak in.
Broil cake about 6 inches from heat source just until almonds are lightly toasted. Store uncovered to keep the almonds from getting soft.


4 large egg whites
1 tsp. distilled white vinegar or lemon juice
2½ tsp. cornstarch
¾ c. superfine granulated sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. regular, reduced-fat or nonfat sour cream
1 pt. small strawberries
½ pt. red raspberries (1 cup)
½ pt. blueberries (1 cup)
More berries
Heat oven to 250°F. Cover baking sheet with waxed paper. Draw an 8-inch circle on a plain sheet of paper.
Meringue: Beat egg whites in a large bowl with electric mixer until frothy (B), add vinegar or lemon juice, continue beating until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted (C).
Stir cornstarch into sugar. Very gradually add sugar mixture to egg whites, beating until stiff and glossy peaks form when beaters are lifted (D). Beat in vanilla until blended.
Spread meringue with back of spoon in outlined circle to cover, building sides to form a rim about 2 inches high and 2 inches wide (E).
Bake 2 to 2 1/2 hours until meringue is firm and dry to the touch, but not browned. Turn off oven. Prop door open with handle of a wooden spoon and let meringue cool completely, at least 3 hours or overnight.
Carefully peel off waxed paper. Transfer meringue to serving plate. Fill center with sour cream. Gently mix strawberries, raspberries and blueberries and spoon over sour cream. Garnish with additional additional berries.
Meringue Pattern: A. Draw outline of an 8-inch salad plate or cake pan on plain paper. Slip paper between waxed paper and cookie sheet to use as a guide for spreading the meringue. Put dots of meringue under each of the corners of waxed paper to keep it from slipping. Remove paper with outline before baking. Save pattern for the next time you make Pavlova.
B. During this stage, whites become foamy and begin to hold together in one complete mass. The vinegar acts as a stabilizer and helps keep the beaten whites smooth.
C. At the soft-peak stage, ripples start to form on the surface and, as beaters are lifted, peaks droop slightly. Begin adding sugar slowly, about 2 tablespoons at a time. When making meringue, it's important for sugar to completely dissolve, or meringue will be gritty. Superfine sugar dissolves faster than regular granulated.
D. After sugar is added, whites will be whipped to full volume and be stiff and shiny. This is the firm-peak stage.
E. This sturdy meringue can be spread or piped into any shape. For Pavlova, use the back of a spoon to spread it evenly in the circle and to build up sides. Choose a dry day to make the meringue since it tends to absorb moisture from the air, which makes it soggy. It can be baked up to three days ahead and stored loosely covered at room temperature, or wrapped airtight and frozen up to two months.


⅓ c. cognac or orange juice
½ c. Zante currants (find them near raisins)
7½ oz. bittersweet or semisweet chocolate
1½  squares unsweetened baking chocolate
1½ stick unsalted butter or margarine
6 large eggs
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
1 pinch salt
6 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. cream of tartar
confectioners’ sugar
slivered almonds
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease a 9-inch springform pan.
Warm cognac or orange juice in a small saucepan over low heat. Add currants and heat 1 minute. Drain well, but not dry. (You won't need leftover cognac.)
Microwave chocolate and butter in a medium bowl on high 1 minute, then stir. Repeat at 30-second intervals until chocolate has completely melted and mixture is smooth. (Or melt chocolate and butter in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring until smooth.) Let cool for about 5 minutes.
Whisk egg yolks just to break. Whisk in warm chocolate mixture, then the sugar and salt. Add flour and currants. Whisk to mix.
Beat egg whites and cream of tartar with an electric mixer until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold whites into chocolate mixture one third at a time. Scrape into prepared pan.
Bake until cake has risen and top is cracked, 37 to 40 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Remove pan sides. Dust cake with confectioners' sugar and garnish with almonds.


10  chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreo or Hydrox)
1½ pt. strawberries
½ c. sugar
¼ c. light corn syrup
2½ c. cold heavy (whipping) cream
1  ready-to-fill chocolate-flavored crumb crust
whipped cream
Shaved chocolate
Small whole berries
Process cookies in a food processor until fine crumbs form. Transfer to a medium bowl. Wipe out processor with a paper towel.
In food processor, purée half the berries, the sugar and corn syrup. Add remaining berries and pulse until coarsely chopped. Remove and refrigerate 1/2 cup for topping.
Beat cream with electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted, 2 to 3 minutes.
Fold 1 cup whipped cream into cookie crumbs. Spread in pie shell. Fold remaining berry mixture into remaining cream until blended. Spoon onto cookie mixture, mounding in center.
Freeze at least 4 hours until very firm. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and store in freezer up to 1 week.


5 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. light-brown sugar
1 c. granulated sugar
1 c. melted vanilla-bean ice cream
9½ oz. pecans
½ tsp. salt
Line 2 baking pans with parchment, butter parchment, and set aside. In a medium pot over medium-low heat, combine sugars and ice cream, stirring with a clean, metal spoon until sugars are dissolved. Using a pastry brush dipped in water, brush down sides of pot to prevent sugars from crystallizing.
Add 5 tablespoons butter and stir to combine. Fit pot with a candy thermometer, increase heat to medium, and let cook until mixture reaches 240 degrees F. Remove pot from heat and stir in pecans and salt.
until slightly opaque,
30 to 60 seconds.
Drop praline mixture, by 2 heaping tablespoons, onto prepared baking pans. Let pralines cool until set, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately or store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.


Cooking spray
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate
¾ c. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
3 large eggs
1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. kosher salt
1½ c. walnuts
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat an 8-in. square baking pan with cooking spray and line with parchment paper, leaving a 2-in. overhang on two sides.
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat an 8-in. square baking pan with cooking spray and line with parchment paper, leaving a 2-in. overhang on two sides.
Spread the batter into the prepared pan and bake until set and a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out with moist crumbs attached, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool completely in the pan. Using the overhangs, transfer the brownie to a cutting board and cut into 16 squares.


3 c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. kosher salt
3 c. buttermilk
5 large egg whites
1 large egg
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 14-oz can jellied cranberry sauce
¾ c. sliced almonds
confectioners’ sugar
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, egg whites, egg, granulated sugar and vanilla. Add to
the flour mixture and whisk until fully incorporated.
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add a heaping ½ cup of the batter, gently spreading it to form an 8-in. pancake. Cook until bubbles begin to appear around the edges and in the center, 1 to 2 minutes.
Flip the pancake and cook until the bottom is golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes more. Transfer to a paper towel set on a cooling rack. Repeat with the remaining batter, layering and stacking the pancakes between paper towels (you should have 10 pancakes total).
Melt the chocolate in the microwave according to package directions; set aside.
Remove the cranberry sauce from the can in one piece. Slice in half lengthwise and place cut-side down on a cutting board. Arrange four 3-in.-wide strips of parchment or wax paper in a square around the edge of a serving plate (this will help keep the plate clean) and place one pancake on top of the plate.
Cutting and placing one slice at a time on the pancake, cut 12 very thin slices from one of the cranberry sauce halves (you should get 30 slices from each half). Top with another pancake and spread it with 1 rounded Tbsp melted chocolate. Repeat the cranberry and chocolate layers 3 times. Top with a pancake, a final layer of 12 cranberry slices and the remaining pancake.
Spread the sides of the stack with the remaining chocolate. Gently press the almonds into the chocolate (use the parchment paper to help pat them on). Just before serving, dust the top of the cake with confectioners’ sugar, then remove the parchment paper.


2 stick butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
2 tsp. grated lemon peel
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. yellow cornmeal
¼ c. light corn syrup
½ c. yellow sugar crystals
1 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Beat butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy. Beat in egg, lemon peel, and juice until blended. With mixer on low speed, beat in flour and cornmeal.
Divide dough in half. Roll each portion on a lightly floured surface to an 8-inch log. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut logs into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Cut each slice in half. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes until set and edges begin to brown lightly. Remove to wire racks to cool.


1 package poundcake mix
¾ c. water
2 large eggs
1 tub white frosting
pink food color
18  red fruit slice candies
2 can white decorating icing with star and writing tips (we used Betty Crocker’s Easy Flow)
9  mini marshmallows
36  brown mini M&Ms;
9  pink jelly beans
1  roll Fruit Streamers strawberry fruit snacks
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need 18 lined muffin cups.
Prepare cake mix as pkg directs, using water and eggs. Divide batter among muffin cups. Bake 18 to 20 minutes, until pick inserted into centers comes out clean. Cool on wire rack.
Tint frosting pink; spread on cupcakes. Add fruit slice candies for hats. With writing tip, pipe a squiggly hatband and attach marshmallow halves, cut sides down, for tassels.
Add mini M&Ms; for eyes, then pipe on eye highlights. With star tip, pipe on hair, beards and mustaches. Add jelly bean noses. Peel red strands from Fruit Streamers; cut 36 (1-in.) strands. For each mouth, pinch together two strands into a smile; trim excess; place on cupcakes. Store airtight at cool room temperature up to 3 days.


1 box French vanilla cake mix
1½ c. light unsweetened coconut milk
3 large eggs
¼ c. canola oil
1½ tsp. each coconut and vanilla extract
For Cupid Cupcakes: canned vanilla frosting; red and yellow liquid or gel food colors; yellow, blue and red tube icing; red jelly candies (for heart); flat toothpicks; marshmallows
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need 24 regular-size muffin cups lined with paper or foil liners.
Beat cake mix, coconut milk, eggs, oil and extracts in large bowl with mixer on medium speed 2 minutes or until blended and smooth. Divide among muffin cups.
Bake 20 to 22 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes before removing cupcakes to rack to cool completely.
Plan ahead: You can bake cupcakes up to 2 days ahead; store covered at room temperature. Decorate, cover and refrigerate up to 1 day ahead.
Cupid Cupcakes: Tint frosting pale peach with just a little red and yellow food colors; spread smooth over top of cupcake. Using the photo as a guide, pipe Cupid's hair with yellow tube icing with a star tip attached. Use the blue icing for the eyes and red icing for mouth. Trim a red jelly candy with scissors into a heart shape; place on cupcake as shown.
Add Cupid's fingers to each side of the heart with a toothpick and some peach-colored frosting. Snip 3 slices from a marshmallow with scissors and arrange, overlapping, for wings. Attach to cupcake with a toothpick (be sure to remove toothpicks before eating).


2 stick butter
1½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
1 c. milk
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2.67 c. all-purpose flour
Heat oven to 350ºF. Line 12 regular-size (2 1⁄2-in. diam) muffin cups with paper liners.
Beat butter, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with mixer on high speed 1 minute or until well blended. Add eggs; beat 2 minutes or until fluffy. On low speed beat in milk and vanilla (batter may look curdled), then flour just until blended.
Spoon scant 1⁄4 cup into each muffin cup, filling each about 2⁄3 full.
Bake 20 to 25 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers of cupcakes comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes before removing from pan to rack.
Repeat steps 3 and 4 with remaining batter. Let cupcakes cool completely before frosting and decorating.
Each recipe makes 24 cupcakes. If you have two 12-cup muffin pans, you can bake them side by side on the middle rack of your oven if space permits.
Unfrosted cupcakes can be stored covered at room temperature up to a day, or frozen in an airtight container up to a month. Thaw before frosting. Once frosted and chilled, they can be refrigerated, very loosely covered, up to 2 days.


1 tbsp. freshly grated lemon peel
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1½ tbsp. Dijon mustard
1½ tbsp. sherry-wine vinegar or red-wine vinegar
½ tsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. Freshly ground pepper
½ c. olive oil
.67 c. finely chopped chives
12 oz. fresh sugar snap peas
1 lb. yellow summer squash
4 medium carrots (about 10 oz)
2 bag mixed baby lettuce
1 pt. grape tomatoes
Dressing: Whisk lemon peel, juice, mustard, vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper in a medium bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in oil until thickened and blended.
Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add snap peas; boil 30 to 60 seconds until bright green and crisp-tender. Immediately drain in a colander, cool under cold running water and let drain.
With a vegetable peeler, pare thin strips down length of squash making ribbons no wider than 1⁄2 in. (discard seedy middle of squash). Pare carrots in strips the same way. Mix strips (you'll have about 8 cups).
On 12 salad plates or 2 large platters, ar­range baby lettuce. Top each serving with a mound of about 3⁄4 cup squash-carrot mixture. Make a depression in centers to form nests. Put 4 or 5 grape tomato "eggs" in middle of each; scatter snap peas around nests. Cover and refrigerate un­til serving.
Just before serving: Add chives to dressing; spoon over salad.
Planning Tips: Up to 2 days ahead, refrigerate dressing in a covered jar, cut and wrap chives and prepare and bag snap peas. Up to 1 day ahead, prepare carrots and squash. Bag and refrigerate. Prepare through Step 4 up to 4 hours before serving.


1½ c. dark cocoa melting wafers
1½ c. blue candy melting wafers
2 tbsp. yellow nonpareils
¾ c. dark chocolate frosting
1½ c. vanilla frosting
12  vanilla cupcakes baked in white paper liners
¾ c. white coarse decorating sugar
24  brown M&M;'s
Pairs of wings and antennae: Place templates for wings and antennae on baking sheets; cover with wax paper.
Put 1 cup each dark cocoa and blue candy melting wafers into separate ziptop bags; do not seal. Microwave 10 seconds to soften. Squeeze, return to microwave and repeat until smooth. Press out excess air and seal.
Snip a tiny corner from each bag. Working on one wing at a time, use melted dark cocoa to outline template on wax paper. Go over outline to thicken. Fill in with melted blue candy. Then, following the shape of the wing's outer edge, pipe a line of dark cocoa on the blue portion of the upper and lower wings. Tap the pan slightly to flatten. With toothpick, pull dark cocoa into blue to make the design.
While candy is still liquid, sprinkle top and bottom wing tips with yellow nonpareils. Repeat, melting additional wafers several seconds in the microwave as needed (be careful not to overheat). Chill baking sheets until set, about 5 minutes. Repeat for antennae, using melted dark cocoa.
Spoon chocolate frosting into a ziptop bag, press out excess air, seal and set aside. Spread vanilla frosting on top of cupcakes; roll edges in white decorating sugar.
Carefully peel chilled wings and antennae from wax paper. Place 2 brown M&M;'s, 1/2 in. apart, on top of cupcakes to support wings. Press inside edge of a pair of wings into frosting about 1/4 in. apart, leaning wings on M&M;'s. Gently press antennae into frosting at head of butterfly. For body, snip a small corner from the bag with chocolate frosting. Starting at antennae, pipe 4 or 5 beads of frosting down the length of body, drawing frosting into a small point on the last bead.
Plan Ahead: You can make wings and antennae up to 2 days ahead; store loosely covered at cool room temperature.


2¼ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1⅓ c. sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 tbsp. freshly grated orange zest
½ c. fresh orange juice (see Tip)
3  Yolks of 3 large eggs
½ c. extra-virgin olive oil
4  whites of 4 large eggs (save extra yolk for another use)
4 c. fresh fruit salad
Decoration: confectioners’ sugar
Heat oven to 325°F. Coat a 10-cup (8 3⁄4-in.) nonstick bundt pan with olive oil or cooking spray.
Put flour, the 1 1⁄3 cups sugar, the baking powder and salt in a large bowl; stir to mix well. Make a hollow in the center and in it put the orange zest and juice, the 3 yolks and the oil.
In a large bowl, beat egg whites with mixer on high speed until foamy. Gradually beat in the 2 Tbsp sugar. Continue beating until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted.
Using same beaters, beat flour mixture on low speed 1 minute, incorporating the juice, yolks and oil. Gently fold into beaten whites. Scrape into prepared pan.
Bake 40 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean (cake will rise to top of pan). Place pan on a wire rack to cool 5 minutes.
Loosen cake around edge with a thin metal spatula. Unmold onto rack; let cool completely. Sprinkle cake with confectioners' sugar shortly before serving. Serve with fruit salad.


1 box poundcake mix
2 can vanilla frosting
Yellow, violet and peach or pink paste (gel) food color
Shoes: 1 Twinkies snack cake and red crystal sugar
Hat: sugar ice cream cone and candy dots or other small round candies
Tassel and Hair: cherry Twizzlers Pull-n-Peel
Hands: 2 marshmallows and cornstarch
Arms and Legs: 4 Rice Krispies Treats bars (from a 6.2-oz pkg)
Face: blue round candies (eyes); red gumball, cut in half (nose); 1-in. cherry Twizzlers Pull-n-Peel rolled between hands to 2 1⁄2 in. long, curved and pressed flat (mouth); and 2 pink Necco candy wafer (cheeks)
Collar: 14 small heart-shaped candies or Necco candy wafers
You also need: four 1-qt-size plastic bags and 1 wooden skewer
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour two 4-oz custard cups and two 3- to 4-cup ov­en­proof bowls not more than 6 in. across top (If you have only 1 bowl, save 1 1⁄2 cups batter. After the first cake is turn­ed out, wash, dry, grease and flour the bowl, fill with reserved batter, and bake). Pre­pare cake batter as box directs. Pour 1⁄2 cup into each custard cup; divide remaining batter between bowls (about 1 1⁄2 cups each).
Bake custard cups 30 minutes, bowls 40 to 45 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean.
Cool cups and bowls on a wire rack 10 minutes, run a knife around edges, then invert cakes on rack to cool completely
Color frosting as follows: Tint 11⁄4 cups yellow, 3⁄4 cup violet and 1⁄2 cup peach. Spoon 3 Tbsp yellow and 2 Tbsp violet into separate plastic bags (for ruffles on sleeves and hat); seal bags. Reserve 3 Tbsp yellow for hat; spoon remaining violet and yellow frosting into separate bags and seal. Tightly cover remaining frosting.
Shoes: Cut 1 Twinkies cake in half crosswise. Frost all except cut ends with about 1⁄4 cup untinted frosting. Roll in red sugar to coat. Let dry at least 2 hours.
Hat: Spread sugar cone with reserved yellow frosting; press on candy dots. Tassel: Pinch 1 end of a 1-in. length of Twizzlers; separate strands at other end. Press onto tip of hat. Let dry at least 1 hour.
Hands: Flatten marshmallows. With scissors, snip 4 slits for fingers in each to resemble left and right hand. Dust cornstarch between fingers to prevent sticking.
Arms and Legs: Bend and shape Krisp­ie treats, slanting top of arms to fit against shoulders. Spread with thin layer untinted frosting.
Hair: Separate strands of 1 whole Twizzlers. Bend each strand into uneven figure eights. Pinch eights together in middle.
Body: Trim tops of cakes flat. Put 1 bowl cake, flat side up, near 1 end on serving platter (if rectangular). Spread top with 1⁄4 cup untinted frosting. Top with other bowl cake flat side down. Dab frosting on top. Head: Sandwich small cakes with 1 Tbsp frosting; set on body. Slide skewer through cakes to hold head in place. Brush off loose crumbs.
Frosting Body: With a toothpick, score lines in cake about 1 in. apart as a guide for stripes. Snip 1⁄2 in. off corner of bags with larger amounts yellow and violet frosting. Pipe alternating stripes on body; smooth frosting (see Tip). Position arms and legs (if arms slip, insert toothpicks underneath to hold them in place until frosting sets). Pipe yellow frosting on 1 arm and leg; violet on the other.
Head: Cover with peach-colored frosting; spread smooth. Press hair, face, collar and shoes in place.
With frosting, glue hands onto arms. Snip small tip off corner of remaining bags violet and yellow frosting. Pipe violet ruffle around yellow wrist and ankle; yellow around violet (save some yellow for hat).
Up to 1 hour before serving: Place hat on head; pipe dots around edge with leftover yellow frosting. Remove toothpicks.Before You Beginlf you don't have the right sized serving tray, cover a baking sheet, plastic-foam board or sturdy cardboard with foil or plastic wrap. Check "You also need" in ingredients list. Use the large photos (pages 93--96) as an assembly and decorating guide. Paste (gel) food colors can be found in supermarkets or stores selling crafts or cake-decorating supplies. If the colors called.


2 can vanilla frosting
Orange paste (gel) food color
2  frozen poundcakes
13 whole graham crackers
Tires: 6 chocolate sandwich cookies
1  regular-size candy bar, such as Milky Way
Tube black decorating icing, fitted with a round tip
Lights on Cab: 5 orange M&M;’s
Headlights: 2 blue nonpareil-coated licorice Allsorts
Running Boards: 2 sticks Fruit-Stripe gum
Cargo: M&M;’s and crushed chocolate wafer cookies (see Tip)
You also need: 1 qt-size plastic freezer bag
Reserve 1⁄2 cup frosting for windows; tint remaining frosting orange. Spoon 1⁄3 cup into plastic bag; set aside.
Using orange frosting as glue, sandwich 2 whole graham crackers; repeat with 2 more crackers. Place end to end (see Illustration 1) down middle of serving tray.
To assemble Truck: Top crackers with dabs of frosting. Cut 1 cake in half crosswise. Glue front of truck (A, see Illustration 2) to body (B), then glue cab (C) in place. Set on stacked crackers. Brush off loose crumbs.
Frost windows with reserved untinted frosting. Reserve 1⁄3 cup orange frosting; frost rest of truck with remaining orange frosting. Press Tires in place.
To assemble Tilted Cargo Bed: Trim candy bar (D) to fit across bed; place against cab. On wax paper, using reserved frosting as glue, sandwich 4 whole graham crackers (for bottom of cargo bed). Frost top and sides with remaining frosting. Set in place with 1 end resting on candy bar (D). Press 1 whole cracker (E) into frosting against each long side. Trim 3 whole crackers to 33⁄4 in. long; press 1 (F) on cargo bed next to cab; place other in unloading position in back (F). Snip tip off corner of bag with fr
With black tube icing, pipe grill on cab and company name on sides. Press on cab lights, headlights and running boards.


2 c. bite-size honeydew chunks
2 pt. strawberries
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 c. loosely packed fresh mint leaves
½ c. fresh lemon juice
¼ c. bourbon (optional)
confectioners’ sugar
Freeze the honeydew chunks in a single layer on a cookie sheet until hard, 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Also put an 8- or 9-inch square metal pan in freezer.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, toss the strawberries with 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar and refrigerate for 1 hour.
In a medium saucepan, bring 1 cup water to a boil. Remove from heat and add the mint leaves and the remaining 1 1/2 cups of the sugar and let sit for 30 minutes. Strain the mixture into measuring cup and stir in the lemon juice and bourbon, if using.
In a blender, puree the frozen honeydew and syrup combined and the mixture resembles a slushy. Scrape the mixture into the chilled metal pan and freeze until firm, at least 1 hour.
To serve: Moisten rims of goblets or glass serving bowls with water or lemon juice. Dip into confectioners' sugar to coat. Spoon strawberries into goblets; top with scoops of honeydew sorbet and top with mint sprigs, if desired.


1 loaf purchased poundcake
1 c. ricotta cheese
1 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. almond extract
1 bag frozen dark sweet cherries
2 tsp. sugar
Toasted sliced almonds
mint sprigs
Mix Filling ingredients in a small bowl until blended.
Using a serrated knife, cut cake horizontally in 3 equal layers.
Spread filling evenly between layers.
Put cherries and sugar in a food processor and pulse until cherries are finely chopped. Serve with cake. Sprinkle with almonds and garnish with mint. The sauce is great over ice cream, too. The cake can be filled and the sauce made up to 1 day ahead. Cover cake and sauce with plastic wrap and refrigerate.


⅓ c. Dutch-process unsweetened cocoa powder
¼ c. sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
⅓ c. 1%-fat milk
3 tbsp. light corn syrup
1 tbsp. semisweet chocolate chips (optional)
½ tsp. vanilla extract
4 medium ripe bananas
1 pt. chocolate sorbet
¼ c. dry-roasted salted peanuts
Maraschino cherries with stems
Reduced-fat whipped topping
Mix cocoa, sugar and cornstarch in a small saucepan. Whisk in milk and corn syrup until blended. Bring to a gentle boil over medium heat, whisking often. Remove from heat, add chocolate chips and whisk until melted. Stir in vanilla extract. Refrigerate 2 hours or until sauce has thickened and chilled.
To serve: Cut peeled bananas in half lengthwise. Put 2 halves on each dessert plate. Top with scoops of chocolate sorbet, fudge sauce and peanuts. Garnish with cherries and whipped topping.


6 oz. walnuts
1 c. sugar
¼ c. matzo meal
5 large eggs
1½ tsp. freshly grated orange peel
4 medium oranges
1 pt. fresh strawberries
1 tbsp. sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease an 8- or 9-inch springform pan.
Put nuts, 1/4 cup of the sugar and the matzo meal in a food processor. Pulse until nuts are finely ground (about the size of sesame seeds).
Beat egg yolks, 1/2 cup of the sugar and the orange peel with an electric mixer on high speed 3 to 4 minutes until very thick, pale and doubled in volume.
Wash beaters and dry well. Beat egg whites on medium speed until foamy. Increase mixer speed to high and gradually add remaining 1/4 cup sugar. Continue beating until stiff, glossy peaks form when beaters are lifted.
Using a rubber spatula, fold nut mixture into yolk mixture (mixture will be thick). Stir in about 1/4 the beaten whites, then fold in remaining whites just until blended. Scrape batter into prepared pan; spread evenly.
Bake 35 to 45 minutes until a pick inserted near center of cake comes out clean and top is lightly browned and crusty. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes (cake will sink about 1 inch). Run a knife around edge of pan, remove pan sides and let cake cool completely.
Mix Fruit Sauce ingredients in a serving bowl. Chill or leave at room temperature. Serve with the cake.


1½ stick unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1 tbsp. freshly grated lime zest
1 tbsp. fresh lime juice
¼ tsp. salt
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 c. confectioners’ sugar, plus more as needed
3 tbsp. fresh lime juice
Assorted liquid food colors (optional)
1 c. White sanding (fine crystal) sugar
Dough: Beat ingredients except flour in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. On low speed, gradually beat in flour.
Divide dough in quarters; shape each into a 1/2-in.-thick disk. Wrap individually; refrigerate 2 hours, or until firm.
Heat oven to 350ºF. Have ready baking sheet(s) and 3-in. cookie cutters in snowflake and ornament shapes.
Place 1 disk at a time (keep others refrigerated) between 2 sheets of wax paper on a dampened work surface. Roll out to 1/8 in. thick. Remove top sheet of paper. Cut out desired shapes with floured cookie cutters. Slide onto a baking sheet; place in freezer about 10 minutes.
Remove cut-out shapes; place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet. Chill scraps before re-rolling and cutting.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes, just until edges are golden. Cool on baking sheet on a wire rack 2 minutes before removing to rack to cool completely.
Spreading icing: Mix 2 cups confectioners' sugar and the lime juice in a small bowl until smooth. Divide among smaller bowls, one for each desired color. Tint with food color. Spread most over cookies; cover and reserve the rest. Let cookies dry at least 12 hours.
Piping icing: Stir confectioners' sugar into reserved icings until thick enough to pipe. Spoon into small ziptop bags; seal until using. Spread sanding sugar on wax paper. Snip tip off a corner of bags; pipe designs on 1 cookie at a time, immediately inverting cookie into sugar to coat design. Let dry.


1 c. all-purpose flour
⅔ c. Dutch-processed unsweetened cocoa powder
1 stick butter
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
Yolk from 1 large egg
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 bag milk-chocolate chips
4 large eggs
½ oz. semisweet baking chocolate
8 oz. white baking chocolate
2 tbsp. solid vegetable shortening
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 13 x 9 x 2-in. baking pan with nonstick foil, letting foil extend about 2 in. above ends of pan.
Crust: Whisk flour and cocoa in a small bowl to blend. In a large bowl, beat butter, confectioners' sugar, egg yolk and vanilla with mixer on medium speed, scraping down sides of bowl as needed, 1 to 2 minutes until fluffy. On low speed, add flour mixture. Beat 1 minute or until moist clumps form. Scatter over bottom of prepared pan; press into an even layer. Bake 11 minutes or until crust puffs and looks dry and set. Place pan on a wire rack.
Mousse: While crust bakes, stir cream, sugar and vanilla in a 1-qt microwave-safe measure or bowl to blend; add chocolate. Microwave on high 2 to 3 minutes until cream barely starts to simmer. Whisk until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Cool 8 minutes. Whisk in eggs, 1 at a time, until blended. Pour over hot crust.
Bake 30 to 32 minutes until edges have risen slightly higher than center (middle will be set, but soft).
Glaze: Meanwhile seal semisweet chocolate in a small, sturdy, ziptop bag. Place in a small bowl of hot tap water. Let sit, squeezing bag a few times, until chocolate melts, adding hot water if needed. Melt white chocolate and shortening in a small saucepan over low heat. Stir until smooth.
Pour white chocolate over hot mousse; spread evenly. Dry bag of chocolate, snip tip off 1 corner and pipe thin lines and squiggles over white chocolate. Draw a wooden pick through semisweet chocolate to marbleize. Refrigerate uncovered 2 hours until Glaze hardens.
Holding foil ends, lift to a cutting board. With a knife dipped in warm water, and using a gentle sawing motion, carefully cut crosswise in 6 strips. Cut each strip in 7 triangles. Refrigerate.


1½ stick unsalted butter
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1 c. sugar
2 large eggs
2½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. peppermint extract
liquid green food color
4 oz. each red and green nonpareils
Beat butter, baking soda, salt, sugar and eggs in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. On low speed, beat in 2 cups flour until just blended.
Remove 11⁄2 cups dough to a medium bowl; stir in vanilla and cocoa until no white streaks remain. Stir peppermint extract and remaining 1⁄2 cup flour into dough in large bowl. Add about 10 drops food color. Beat until no white streaks remain. Cover doughs; refrigerate 30 minutes, or until firm.
Roll chocolate dough into a fat log. Divide in quarters. Working with 1 portion dough at a time (wrap and refrigerate rest), roll into a 3⁄4-in.-thick rope. Spread red nonpareils on a sheet of wax paper. Roll rope into nonpareils to coat; wrap rope in foil. Repeat with remaining chocolate dough, then the green dough and green nonpareils. Place ropes on a baking sheet; refrigerate at least 2 hours, or until firm enough to slice neatly.
Heat oven to 350ºF. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Slice 1 rope at a time into 1⁄4-in.-thick rounds. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s). Bake 8 to 10 minutes until set. Remove to wire racks to cool.


.67 c. arborio rice
8 c. water
pinch of salt
4 c. protein-fortified fat-free milk
3 tbsp. each packed light brown sugar and granulated sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. grated orange zest
¼ tsp. ground cardamom or cinnamon
Place rice in sieve. Rinse under cold water, stirring with fingers to remove excess surface starch. Place in a 5-qt saucepan with water and salt, and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and boil 7 minutes, or until tender. Drain rice; return to pot.
Stir milk and sugars into rice, stirring to dissolve sugars. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low to maintain a slow simmer. Simmer, stirring frequently at first and constantly toward the end, for about 25 minutes, or until rice doubles in size, is very soft and tender, and milk has the consistency of heavy cream (mixture will be very liquidy).
Pour into a bowl; stir in vanilla, orange zest and cardamom. Cover surface of pudding with plastic wrap to prevent a skin from forming. Let cool. Refrigerate until chilled, about 4 hours, before serving.
For each parfait, spoon 1⁄4 cup orange rice pudding into a glass, then top with 3 orange sections, 1 Tbsp thawed reduced-calorie whipped topping and 1 tsp fat-free butterscotch caramel topping. Repeat layers.


1 can sweetened condensed milk (not evaporated milk)
1 bag sweetened flaked coconut
1 tbsp. freshly grated orange peel
1 tsp. vanilla extract
whites from 2 large eggs
1 bag semisweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 325°F. Line baking sheet(s) with foil. Coat with nonstick spray and dust with flour.
Mix first 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Beat egg whites in a small to medium bowl with mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold into coconut mixture. Drop level measuring tablespoons about 1 in. apart on baking sheet(s).
Bake 14 to 16 minutes until lightly toasted. Slide foil onto a wire rack. Let cool completely. Peel off foil; save foil.
Melt chocolate chips as package directs. Dip bottoms of macaroons in chocolate. Replace on foil. Slide foil back onto baking sheets. Re­frigerate until chocolate sets; peel macaroons off foil. Refrigerate tightly covered with wax paper between layers up to 1 week.


4 large eggs
1 qt. canned or refrigerated eggnog
10 slice raisin-cinnamon swirl bread
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 2-qt. shallow baking dish with nonstick spray.
Whisk eggs in a large bowl until blended. Whisk in eggnog.
Cut 4 slices bread in 1-in. cubes; arrange over bottom of prepared dish. Pour half the eggnog mixture over top. Cut remaining bread slices diagonally in half; arrange decoratively on top. Pour remaining eggnog mixture over all.
Bake, uncovered, 55 minutes or until a knife inserted in center comes out clean. Serve warm or at room temperature. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar, if desired.
Add ground or freshly grated nutmeg to eggnog mixture.
Sprinkle with chocolate chips before baking or Soak golden raisin and dried cherry blend (Sun-Maid) in rum.
Scatter over bread cubes.


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. granulated sugar
1¾ tsp. baking powder
1½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. nutmeg
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
2 jar baby food carrots
¾ c. freshly squeezed orange juice (see Tip)
¼ c. vegetable oil
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tbsp. 1% lowfat milk
1 tsp. freshly grated orange peel
½ tsp. vanilla extract
Carrot decoration: large orange and large green gumdrops or jellied fruit slices
Heat oven to 375°F. Lightly grease a 12-cup mini-muffin pan (each cup should have a scant 2 Tbsp capacity).
In a large bowl, stir flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking soda and salt until thoroughly combined.
In a medium bowl, whisk carrots, orange juice, oil, egg and vanilla until well blended. Add all at once to flour mixture, then stir with a rubber spatula just until evenly moistened. Spoon half the batter into muffin cups. Leave remaining batter at room temperature.
Bake 15 to 18 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes then remove from pan to rack to cool completely. Repeat with remaining batter.
Icing and Carrot Decoration: Mix icing ingredients in a small bowl until smooth. Cover and refrigerate. Cut orange gumdrops into 24 carrot shapes, each about 1 in. long. Cut green gumdrops into 24 little strips. Stick onto tops of carrots.
Up to 1 day before serving: Spread 1⁄2 tsp icing on each muffin. (Icing may weep around edges. That's normal.) Top with a carrot. Refrigerate covered until serving.


3 lb. large apples (preferably 3 each Granny Smith and Cortland or McIntosh apples) peeled
¾ c. tart dried cherries
¾ c. packed brown sugar
¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. apple cider or juice
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
Heat oven to 350°F. Have ready a shallow 2-qt baking dish.
In a large bowl, toss the apples, cherries, 2 Tbsp of the sugar and 1 Tbsp of the flour. Transfer the mixture to a shallow 2-qt baking dish. Pour the cider over the apple mixture.
In same bowl combine cinnamon, butter and remaining brown sugar and flour. With pastry blender or fingers, mix until crumbly. Sprinkle evenly over the apples.
Bake until the top is browned and apples are tender, 50 to 55 minutes. Let the cool for 15 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.


½ pt. each red raspberries and fresh red currants, on stems (if currants are unavailable
½ pt. blackberries
⅓ c. sugar
2 tbsp. each black currant liqueur (cassis) and water
2 tbsp. strawberry or raspberry jam
2 strip lemon zest
½ pt. strawberries
13 slice firm-textured, cholesterol-free white bread
Garnish: light nondairy topping, assorted berries, mint leaves
You'll need four 8-oz (1-cup) ramekins or custard cups. Line each with plastic wrap, letting wrap extend 3 in. beyond tops of ramekins.
Bring raspberries, currants, blackberries, sugar, cassis, water, jam and lemon zest to a boil in a saucepan. Lower heat and simmer 2 minutes, or until berries have released their juices but still hold their shape. Remove from heat; stir in strawberries and cool to room temperature. Discard lemon zest.
Using a 3-in. round cookie cutter, cut out 8 bread rounds. Trim 4 to fit on bottoms of prepared ramekins; reserve remaining rounds. Line sides of ramekins to within 1/2 in. from tops with remaining bread slices, cutting bread to fit and leaving no gaps.
Spoon fruit mixture into lined ramekins to fill (reserve remaining fruit mixture). Top with rest of bread rounds.
Seal with plastic wrap overhang, then wrap tops with foil. Place ramekins in a baking dish. Place a weight (like a can of tomatoes) on top of each ramekin to weigh down. Refrigerate overnight or up to 3 days.
Purée reserved fruit mixture in blender; scrape through a fine-mesh sieve to remove seeds. Refrigerate.
To serve: Unwrap ramekins. Carefully lift out puddings by plastic wrap; invert onto serving plates and remove wrap. Brush puddings with reserved fruit purée to even out color. Top with a dollop of whipped topping and garnish with berries, as shown. Total time includes chilling.


2 c. all-purpose flour
2½ tsp. baking powder
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
1 stick cold unsalted butter
½ c. canned sweet potato purée
.67 c. heavy (whipping) cream
2 tbsp. heavy (whipping) cream
1¼ c. sugar
½ c. water
6 sprig fresh lemon thyme
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
6 large white peaches
1¼ c. heavy (whipping) cream
Garnish: lemon thyme sprigs
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or nonstick foil and a 2 3/4-in. biscuit cutter.
Shortcakes: Mix flour, baking powder, 2 Tbsp sugar, the salt and nutmeg in large bowl. Add butter; cut in with a pastry blender until coarse crumbs form. Add sweet potato purée, then pour 2/3 cup cream over top;  stir with fork until a soft dough forms.
On a lightly floured surface  knead gently one or two times. With floured rolling pin, roll out dough to 3/4 in. thick. Cut 12 rounds with floured cutter. Reroll; cut scraps. Transfer to prepared baking sheet, 2 in. apart. Brush tops with 2 Tbsp  cream; dust with sugar. Bake 30 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on  rack.
Filling: Gently boil sugar, water, thyme sprigs and lemon juice  in a small saucepan 10 minutes or until syrup turns pale golden. Remove  from heat; cool 5 minutes. Discard thyme sprigs; stir in peach wedges. Cool to room temperature.
To assemble: Beat the 1 1/4 cups cream with 2 Tbsp of the peach syrup until stiff, billowy peaks form when beaters are lifted. Split shortcakes horizontally; place 1 bottom on each  serving plate. Spoon on peach mixture; top with whipped cream. Replace  shortcake tops.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 stick cold butter
⅓ c. sugar
Yolk from 1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
.67 c. sugar
3 tbsp. cornstarch
1 c. milk
Yolks from 3 large eggs
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
¼ c. lemon juice
½ stick butter
1 c. reduced-fat sour cream
Crust: Heat oven to 350ºF. You'll need an 11 x 8-in. rectangular or 11-in. round tart pan with removable sides.
Pulse flour and butter in food processor to make fine crumbs. Add sugar, yolk and vanilla. Pulse to combine.
Press crumbs evenly on bottom and up sides of tart pan. Bake 15 to 18 minutes until golden. Remove pan to wire rack; cool completely before filling.
Filling: Mix sugar and cornstarch in a medium saucepan. Whisk in milk, then yolks until smooth. Add lemon zest, lemon juice and butter.
Gently stir over medium heat 5 to 8 minutes until thick; do not boil. Remove from heat; cool to room temperature. Stir in sour cream; spoon into crust. Cover loosely; chill at least 2 hours.
To serve: Remove tart pan sides and garnish.
Sugared Pistachios: Heat oven to 350ºF. You’ll need a rimmed baking sheet lined with nonstick foil. Slightly whisk an egg white in a small cup. Remove 1 Tbsp egg white to small bowl; whisk until frothy. Add 1 cup shelled pistachios to bowl; toss until evenly coated. Stir in 1/4 cup sugar to coat. Spread on prepared baking sheet. Bake 8 minutes or until dry and toasted. Cool; break apart.
Plan ahead: Make through Step 3 up to 3 days ahead. Store loosely covered at room temperature. Fill up to a day ahead.
Garnish: Sugared Pistachios (recipe follows), fresh lemon or bay leaves.


1 box poundcake mix (no substitutes)
2 can vanilla frosting
Blue paste (icing) or gel food color*
2  rolls sour apple Fruit by the Foot
¼ c. thin chow mein noodles
Nerds (small colorful candies)
½ c. blue rock candy
Goldfish Colors crackers and baby Goldfish crackers
1  tube black decorating frosting
White and blue candy confetti sprinkles
2 tbsp. blue coarse (crystal) sugar
1  orange spice drop (starfish)
You also need: 2 qt-size ziptop bags
Heat oven to 350°F. Line bottom of two 8-in. round cake pans with wax paper. Grease and flour pans. Prepare cake mix as package directs. Bake in pans 20 to 25 minutes until golden and a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack.
Remove, cover and reserve 1 1⁄2 cups frosting. Tint rest light blue.
Invert cakes on wire rack. Remove paper. Spread flat side of one layer with 3⁄4 cup blue frosting. Top with other cake, flat side down. Wrap in plastic wrap; refrigerate at least 2 hours, or overnight.
Trim 3⁄4 in. off opposite sides of cakes (for flat base and top of fish bowl).
Set cake, a flat side down, on platter. Spoon 1⁄2 cup untinted frosting into a ziptop bag. Frost top and 2 in. down sides of cake with rest of untinted frosting.
With a ruler, mark a line around the cake 1 1⁄2 in. from top. Spoon 1 cup blue frosting into a ziptop bag. Snip tip off a corner and pipe a line along marks for a clean edge. Cover cake beneath line with blue frosting spread smooth.
With scissors, cut Fruit by the Foot in 1- to 3-in.-long seaweed shapes. Press gently on cake. Add chow mein noodles, "seaweed" and rock candy. Arrange Nerds "gravel" around base of cake. Press on fish crackers. Pipe eyes with black tube frosting. Using tweezers, add confetti "bubbles" above fish.
Snip a 1⁄2-in. corner from bag with untinted frosting. Pipe a ring around top of cake for lip of fish bowl. Fill with blue coarse sugar. Insert a toothpick into 1 fish cracker; insert in top.
Flatten spice drop; cut out a small starfish. Pipe black dot in center. Place, with more rock candy, next to cake.
*Paste and gel food colors can be found in cake-decorating, party-supply and crafts shops.


1 box cake mix
Flames: 2 rolls each red and yellow Fruit Roll-Ups
Toes: 3 each sliced almonds and marshmallow circus peanuts
1 can whipped vanilla frosting
Fire logs and twigs: about 10 pretzel rods and 40 pretzel sticks
1½ can Chocolate frosting
Green and yellow liquid food color
1½ c. mini marshmallows
Potion ingredients: large gummy snake, gummy teeth, gummy worms and gummy frogs
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour an 8 x 2-in. round cake pan and a 6-cup bundt pan. Line a baking sheet with plastic wrap.
Prepare cake mix as package directs. Fill 8-in. cake pan with 21⁄2 cups batter; spread remaining batter in bundt pan.
Bake both cakes on middle rack, 25 minutes for 8-in. pan, 30 to 35 minutes for bundt pan or until a wooden pick inserted in centers of cakes comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks 15 minutes before inverting cakes on racks to cool completely. Freeze 8-in. cake 2 hours.
Trim humps off both cakes with a long serrated knife until flat. Cut a 5-in.-diameter round from middle of frozen cake layer (you'll have a ring of cake); brush off crumbs. Save middle.
Flames: Unroll each Roll-Up and fold in half. Using scissors, cut out long, narrow, triangles. Place on baking sheet.
Toes: Attach an almond to top end of each circus peanut with a dab of vanilla frosting. Add to baking sheet.
Logs and twigs: Place rods on a serving platter in a circle, breaking some to fit. Place pretzel sticks between rods.
To assemble: Place bundt cake, rounded side up, on a sheet of wax paper; press saved cake in hole in center. Spread chocolate frosting over rounded part of bundt cake. Refrigerate 15 minutes. Place bundt cake flat side up on top of logs. Frost sides and top of bundt cake. Set ring cake on bundt cake. Spread top and sides with chocolate frosting, swirling frosting.
Attach flames, alternating red and yellow, to sides of cauldron with some bending over the logs.
Scrape vanilla frosting into a microwave-safe bowl. Stir in green and yellow food color until blended and lime green. Microwave on high about 15 seconds or just until thin enough to pour (don't overheat). Add marshmallows; stir until coated.
Curl snake in cauldron with head hanging out. Spoon in marshmallows, adding toes, teeth and worms and letting some marshmallows spill out on the edges. Scatter frogs around logs.


Two 8- or 9-in. cooled, baked cake layers, 1 layer frozen at least 2 hours for easier cutting
2 can whipped vanilla frosting
1 box strawberry or cherry gelatin
Decorations: small heart-shaped candies
You also need: a sheet of wax or white paper at least 9 in. square and a 1 qt-size plastic ziptop bag
Heart pattern: Draw outline of pan used to bake cake layers on a sheet of paper. Fold paper in half. Starting and ending at fold, draw a half heart 3⁄4 in. smaller on all sides than the pan outline. Cut through both layers of paper following drawn line. Unfold paper heart.
Place unfrozen cake on a serving plate; spread top with 1⁄2 cup frosting. Top with frozen layer, flat (bottom) side up.
Heart: Place heart pattern on middle of top cake. Using a pointed knife, cut about 1 in. deep around outline of heart. With a fork or serrated grapefruit spoon, remove cake in heart outline, removing as many loose crumbs as possible.
Spoon about 1⁄3 cup frosting into the plastic bag. Seal and set aside. Carefully frost sides and top of cake to edge of heart, swirling frosting decoratively.
Prepare gelatin as directed on box for speed-set method. When ice cubes are removed, use a small ladle to slowly fill heart to about 1⁄4 in. from top. Refrigerate cake 2 hours or until gelatin is very firm.
Cut tip off bag of frosting and pipe a border of dots around heart, saving a bit of frosting in bag. Using frosting in bag as glue, attach candy hearts to cake.


4 c. eggs
.67 tsp. granulated sugar
1 c. vanilla extract
.67 tbsp. flour
1  freshly grated orange zest
Confectioners’ sugar for dusting
1 tub 73% or 75% moisture ricotta cheese (we used BelGioioso; see Note)
3 tbsp. orange liqueur (such as Grand Marnier, Triple Sec or Strega)
¼ c. granulated sugar
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
½ c. coarsely chopped mixed candied fruit
1½ oz. dark or bittersweet chocolate
Decoration: sweetened whipped cream, melted chocolate and chopped mixed candied fruit
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat bottom and sides of a 1 51⁄2 x 10 1⁄2-in. rimmed baking sheet with nonstick spray. Line with wax paper; spray paper
Cake Roll: Beat eggs and sugar in a large bowl with mixer on high speed 5 to 6 minutes until very thick and tripled in volume. Beat in vanilla. Sprinkle flour over top; add orange zest. Fold in gently with a rubber spatula just until blended. Spread in prepared pan
Bake 13 to 15 minutes until golden around edges. Cool in pan on a wire rack 10 minutes, or until pan can be handled without potholders
Meanwhile, lay a smooth kitchen towel on work surface. Sift confectioners' sugar over towel. Invert cake on towel, remove pan and peel off wax paper. Roll up cake and towel from a narrow end of cake. Cool completely on rack
Filling: Beat ricotta cheese, liqueur and sugar in a medium bowl with mixer on high speed until smooth. Pour cream into a large bowl; beat until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold ricotta mixture and candied fruit into cream
Unroll cake; spread evenly with ricotta-cream mixture. Sprinkle with grated chocolate. Roll up as tightly as possible, decorate and serve, or cover and refrigerate up to 2 days
To decorate: Put cake on serving plate. Garnish with whipped cream, melted chocolate and candied fruit. Refrigerate until serving. Slice with a serrated knife.Note:


1 jar  efrigerated citrus salad in extra light syrup
2 c. fresh pineapple chunks
1 c. seedless red grapes
½ c. orange juice
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. miniature marshmallows
⅓ c. sweetened flaked coconut
Garnish: maraschino cherries
Put first 5 ingredients in a large bowl; toss gently to mix.
Add 1/4 cup marshmallows and 2 Tbsp coconut to fruit; toss to mix. Spoon into glasses or dessert bowls. Top with remaining marshmallows and coconut, then cherries.


1 box refrigerated ready-to-use pie crusts
3 can cherry pie filling
1 can blueberry pie filling
1 large egg
3 tbsp. sanding or coarse (crystal) sugar
You also need: 1 1/2- to 2-in. star-shaped cookie cutter
On lightly floured surface with lightly floured rolling pin, roll 1 pastry round into a 12-in. circle. Fit into a 9-in. pie plate, letting edges overhang. Drain 1 can cherry pie filling, combine in a bowl with remaining 2 cans cherry pie filling.
Bend a clean 6-in. square of cardboard in middle forming a wedge. Place in upper left corner of pie (like hands of a clock pointing to 9 and 12). Fill with blueberry pie filling. Spoon cherry pie filling into rest of pie. Lift out cardboard.
Roll other pastry round into a 10-in. circle. With a pastry wheel or sharp knife, cut round in five 1/2-in.-wide strips. With cookie cutter, cut 5 or 6 stars from rest of pastry. Brush strips and stars with beaten egg;sprinkle with sanding sugar.
Heat oven to 425°F. Starting in middle of pie, carefully place three longstrips, evenly spaced, across filling toward bottom edge. Cut remaining 2 strips into 4-in.-long pieces. Lay over cherry filling on upper right corner.Press ends of strips into edge of crust. Roll overhang of bottom crust up overends of strips to form an even rim. Flute or crimp rim. Brush rim with beaten egg; sprinkle with sugar. Place stars on upper left corner of pie.
Bake 30 minutes. Reduce heat to 350°F; bake 25 to 30 minutes longeruntil pastry is golden brown and filling bubbles. Place on wire rack and cool completely.


2 stick unsalted butter
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. sugar
4 large eggs
1 tbsp. raspberry extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
½ tsp. raspberry extract
Heat oven to 350ºF. Arrange 56 mini foil baking cups (1 1⁄2 in. across bottom) on 2 rimmed baking sheets.
Brownie Cups: Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Add chocolate chips; stir until melted and smooth. Remove pan from heat. Briskly stir in sugar, eggs and extract. Stir in flour until blended. Fill each baking cup with 1 level measuring tablespoon batter.
Bake 15 minutes, or until tops look cracked and a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Set baking sheets on wire racks to cool completely.
Topping: Heat cream in medium saucepan over medium-low heat until bubbles form around edge. Remove from heat; add chips. Let stand 5 minutes; add extract. Stir until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth and glossy. Spoon 1⁄2 teaspoon on each brownie cup. Let set at room temperature, or refrigerate.


¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
White from 1 large egg
.67 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
1.67 c. finely shredded carrots
Confectioners’ sugar, for dusting
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat bottom and sides of a 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-in. rimmed baking sheet (jelly-roll pan) with nonstick spray. Line bottom with wax paper; spray paper.
Have ready a medium or large fine-meshed strainer or a sifter. Stir flour, baking powder and salt in a small bowl until combined.
Beat eggs, egg white, granulated sugar, vanilla and spices in a large bowl with mixer on high speed 8 to 10 minutes until thick and tripled in volume. Fold in carrots. Holding strainer or sifter over bowl, shake or sift flour mixture over egg mixture. With a rubber spatula gradually fold into eggs until just blended. Spread in prepared pan.
Bake 15 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes, or until pan is just cool enough to handle.
Meanwhile lay a clean kitchen towel (not terrycloth) on countertop. Dust confectioners' sugar evenly over towel, covering area the size of the cake. Invert cake on towel, remove pan; carefully peel off paper. Dust cake with confectioners' sugar. Starting at a narrow end, roll up cake and towel. Place on wire rack; cool completely.
Meanwhile make frosting: Beat cream cheese and butter in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until blended and smooth. On low speed beat in confectioners' sugar and vanilla until blended; increase speed to medium and beat 1 minute. Remove 3 Tbsp to a cup; cover and refrigerate remaining frosting 30 minutes to firm. For carrot decoration: Spoon 1 Tbsp frosting from cup into another cup; tint green and scrape into a qt-size ziptop freezer bag. Tint remaining 2 Tbsp frosting orange using red and yellow food coloring.
To assemble: Carefully unroll log. Spread evenly with 11/3 cups frosting. Roll up from same end as before, using towel as an aid. Carefully transfer to a platter; coat with remaining frosting and sprinkle with nuts. Refrigerate 20 minutes before piping carrots onto nuts.
To decorate: Briefly warm refrigerated bags of frosting between hands. Snip tip off corner of each bag and pipe carrots and carrot tops randomly on cake. Refrigerate until serving.


2½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1 bag peanut butter chips
18 whole chocolate graham crackers
Heat 2⁄3 cup cream in a large microwave-safe bowl until steaming. Add chips; whisk until smooth. Slowly whisk in remaining cream. Chill 15 minutes.
Beat with mixer just until soft peaks form. Arrange 3 crackers, side by side, long edges touching, on serving plate. Spread evenly with 1⁄2 cup cream mixture. Repeat for 4 more layers; add 1 more layer crackers. Chill 1 hour. Chill remaining cream.
Spread top and sides of cake with cream. Chill 4 hours or up to 2 days.
Decorate with peanut butter chips, if desired. Slice with a serrated knife using a sawing motion.


2 box cook & serve vanilla pudding and pie filling
1 qt. whole milk
4  chocolate croissants (about 4 oz each)
Heat oven to 350ºF. Have a 3-qt shallow baking dish ready.
Whisk pudding mix and milk in a large bowl for 2 minutes, or until thoroughly blended.
Cut croissants in 1-in. pieces. Arrange in prepared baking dish. Pour pudding mixture over croissants, pushing pieces into the liquid.
Bake 50 minutes, or until bubbly around edges and a knife inserted in center comes out clean. Let cool about 10 minutes before serving. If desired, dust top with confectioners' sugar.


1 box frozen pumpkin custard pie
1 c. Pecan halves
⅓ c. caramel or butterscotch ice cream topping
Serve with: whipped cream
Bake pie as package directs. Spread pecans in a baking pan or a dish and bake or microwave on high, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes or until fragrant and toasted. Arrange in concentric circles on pie. Spoon caramel topping into a small ziptop bag.
Just before serving: Snip tip off corner of bag; drizzle pie with topping.


1 container reduced-fat sour cream
3 tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
6 c. fresh pineapple chunks
12  clementine oranges
1 c. each red and green seedless grapes
4  kiwi
1 tsp. vanilla extract
.67 c. miniature marshmallows
½ c. sweetened flaked coconut or shaved fresh coconut (such as Frieda’s)
Garnish: maraschino cherries
Sauce: Mix ingredients in a serving bowl.
Ambrosia: Combine pineapple, clementines, grapes, kiwi and vanilla in a large serving bowl; gently toss to mix.
Just before serving, stir in marshmallows and coconut. Serve with Sour Cream Sauce.
Plan Ahead: You can make Sauce and Ambrosia (without marshmallows and coconut) up to 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Stir in coconut and marshmallows just before serving.


4 c. fresh or frozen cranberries
2¼ c. sugar
2 piece fresh ginger
½ c. orange juice
1 tbsp. grated lime zest
2 tbsp. fresh lime juice
Garnish: sugared fresh cranberries (see Note) and mint
Serve with: purchased cookies, if desired
In a medium saucepan, bring cranberries, sugar, 2 1⁄2 cups water and the sliced ginger to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes, or until cranberries pop and soften. Remove from heat; stir in orange juice and lime zest and juice.
Strain into a bowl, pressing and stirring with a rubber or silicone spatula to extract as much cranberry mixture as possible. Discard skins and ginger. Let mixture cool, then pour into an 8- or 9-in. metal pan; cover and freeze at least 12 hours, or until solid.
To serve: Garnish scoops of sorbet with sugared cranberries and mint.


2 box poundcake mix
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
House: 14 chocolate graham crackers, plus extra in case some break
1 can vanilla frosting
Windows: 7 arrowroot biscuits (such as Nabisco National)
½ c. orange Wilton Candy Melts (see Note 1)
Chimney: 1 frosted cream-filled chocolate roll cake (such as Yodels), 1 end cut off diagonally
Gate and Steps: fudge-covered cream-filled wafers (Keebler Fudge Sticks)
Tombstones: 4 oval cookies (such as Pepperidge Farm Milano)
Door: 1 rectangular cookie (such as LU Petit Beurre)
Roof shingles: General Mills Golden Grahams cereal
Trick-or-Treaters: red, blue, purple, black, yellow and pink paste (gel) food colors, 5 Nabisco Bearwiches sandwich cookies and moon and star sprinkles
Pointed hats: graham cracker sticks (Nabisco Honey Maid) cut in long triangles
½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
Skulls and spiders: black licorice string, mini marshmallows and blackberry candy
Pumpkins: 6 each orange fruit chews and tiny green sugar-coated pastilles (lozenge-shaped licorice candies)
1 can milk-chocolate frosting
Fence: 34 graham cracker sticks (Nabisco Honey Maid), cut to points at 1 end
Sidewalk: 1 roll Necco assorted candy wafers, broken up
Earth: crushed chocolate graham crackers
You also need: 3 qt-size ziptop bags
Heat oven as directed on poundcake box. Lightly grease two 151⁄2 x 101⁄2-in. rimmed baking sheets (see Note 2, page 136). Line bottoms with wax paper; lightly grease paper
Prepare both boxes poundcake mix together, divide between pans and spread evenly. Bake 30 minutes or until a pick inserted near centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes before inverting on racks, peeling off paper and cooling completely.
House walls: Melt chocolate chips as bag directs; scrape into a ziptop bag. Snip tip off a corner. Pipe chocolate on 1 long edge of 1 whole cracker. Press against long edge of another cracker. Repeat 3 times (you'll have 4 pairs, 2 crackers each); let chocolate set.
Front and back walls: Measure 1 1⁄4 in. from top corners of 2 whole crackers. Using a serrated knife, cut at an angle to bottom corners. Pipe a line of chocolate on long edges; glue to top of 2 walls; let set.
Roof sides: Cut a whole cracker in half lengthwise. Pipe chocolate on a long edge of each. Glue each half to a whole cracker; let set.
To assemble house: Pipe chocolate on long sides of a front wall; glue onto long edge of a side wall (A). Let set about 15 minutes, then attach back wall and remaining side wall.
Roof: Pipe chocolate on edges of roof peaks and along top of side walls. Press roof (C) on each side; let set. Pipe chocolate along all edges of 1 whole cracker and place on top of roof; let set. Save rest of chocolate in bag to use as glue.
Windows: Spread some frosting in center of cookies; spoon some into a ziptop bag. Snip tip off corner; pipe window mullions. Let dry.
Brick facing: Melt orange candy melts; scrape into a ziptop bag; snip tip off corner. Lay house down so front is facing up; pipe outlines of bricks. Carefully stand house up. Glue on chimney with chocolate; pipe on orange bricks.
Gate and Steps: Pipe orange bricks on 3 fudge sticks. Pipe "RIP" or a year on tombstone cookies. Pipe decoration on door. Let set. Using bag with orange candy melts, glue windows and door on house.
Shingles: Starting at bottom on 1 side of roof, pipe a thick line of chocolate (if too firm to pipe, microwave to soften). Carefully press on a row of Golden Grahams, slightly overhanging front and side edges of roof. Pipe another thick line of chocolate 1⁄2 in. from top of first row. Add another row of cereal, slightly overlapping first row. Repeat until both sides and top of roof are covered.
Trick-or-Treaters: Put 1 Tbsp frosting into each of 6 small bowls. Stir a scant 1⁄2 tsp water into each. Color bowls red, blue, purple, black, yellow and pink (you'll still have plenty of vanilla frosting left for white). Using toothpick or small paintbrush, paint eyes, nose, shoes, hats and costumes on bears and on pointed hats, letting first color dry at least 30 minutes before adding another. Glue pointed hat and star and moon sprinkles on wizard bear and pointed hats on other bears as shown.
Tree: Place a sheet of wax paper on a small board. Melt chocolate; add to any chocolate remaining in the ziptop bag. Pipe a thick 5 1⁄2-in.-high, 1 1⁄2-in.-wide trunk and thick branches. Let set.
Skulls: Press tiny pieces licorice string into mini marshmallows for eyes and mouth.
Spiders: Press 1⁄2-in. pieces licorice string "legs" into blackberry candies.
Pumpkins: Warm fruit chews 1 at a time between palms of hands to soften. Roll each into a ball; insert a pastille "stem" in each. Press back of a knife against pumpkins to create ridges.
Place one cake layer on serving platter. Spread with 3⁄4 cup chocolate frosting. Top with other cake, smooth side up. Frost sides with rest of chocolate frosting; top with remaining vanilla frosting.
To assemble: Following large photo, page 134, place house at 1 corner of cake. Insert fence in cake and put in sidewalk, pumpkins and tombstones. Sprinkle earth in front of tombstones. Place steps and gate, attaching skulls. Scatter spiders around platter. Insert toothpicks into frosting between cookies at bottom of trick-or-treaters; insert into cake. Insert tree into cake (you may need a skewer to prop it up).
Skulls: Press tiny pieces licorice string into mini marshmallows for eyes and mouth.




¾ c. sugar
¼ tsp. almond extract
4  ripe plums, halved, pitted
3  amaretti cookies
Simmer 1/2 cup water and the sugar in a small saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring often until sugar dissolves. Cool slightly, then add almond extract.
Pour syrup over fruit. Chill at least 2 hours or up to 1 day. Spoon into serving dishes; sprinkle with cookie crumbs.


1  frozen poundcake
5¼ c. confectioners’ sugar
½ c. milk
3 tbsp. light corn syrup
2 tsp. almond or vanilla extract
Red liquid or paste (icing) food color
Decorations: tubes of white, red and pink decorating icing, each fitted with round piping tip; red crystal sugar; and tiny candy hearts (available in many supermarkets, crafts stores and cake-decorating and party-supply shops)
Have ready 2-in. and/or 2 1/2-in. heart-shape metal cookie cutters.
Using a long, sharp knife, trim rounded hump off poundcake so top is flat. Trim crust off sides. Slice cake horizontally in half. Cut hearts from each half.
Put hearts 1 1/2 in. apart on a wire rack set on wax paper to catch drips.
Icing: Stir ingredients, except food color, in a bowl until smooth and as thin as maple syrup. Divide between 2 bowls; cover 1 bowl with plastic wrap. Tint icing in other bowl pink.
Spoon pink icing over half the cakes, completely covering tops and sides. Stir drips on wax paper into icing in bowl; cover airtight. Let icing set 30 minutes. Meanwhile repeat with white icing on rest of cakes.
Thin remaining pink and white icings with a little water as needed; give cakes a second coat. Let set at least 1 hour.
To decorate: With decorating icing, pipe designs and words on cakes as shown, or create your own designs. Add red sugar and candy hearts.


1 box refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crusts, at room temperature
White from 1 large egg, slightly beaten
1 can cherry pie filling
Position racks to divide oven in thirds. Heat oven to 375°F. Coat two baking sheets with nonstick spray.
Cut each crust in quarters. Brush all edges with egg white. Put 1⁄4 cup cherries slightly to one side of  each wedge. Fold other side over filling; seal edges with tines of a fork. Put on baking sheets. Brush with egg white; sprinkle with sugar, if desired. Cut three slits in top of each.
Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden (edges may open a little). Immediately transfer to a wire rack to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature.


2 stick butter
1½ c. firmly packed brown sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
3 large eggs
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
2½ c. bittersweet or dark chocolate chunks or chips
1 c. coarsely chopped walnuts
Heat oven to 400ºF. You'll need an ungreased baking sheet(s).
Beat butter, sugar, vanilla, baking soda and salt with mixer on medium 2 minutes until creamy. Beat in eggs until fluffy. On low speed, beat in flour until blended. Stir in chocolate and nuts.
Drop rounded tablespoonfuls 2 in. apart on baking sheet(s). Bake 8 minutes or until golden. Cool 2 minutes; remove cookies to a rack to cool further. Store airtight up to 1 week.
Freeze dropped dough on baking sheets; when firm, place in a ziptop bag and freeze. Bake right out of the freezer (add 1 or 2 minutes to baking time).


whites from 4 large eggs
1 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. white vinegar
½ c. nonfat sour cream
2 c. light nondairy topping
6 c. diced mixed fresh fruit
Heat oven to 300°F. You'll need a baking sheet lined with nonstick foil.
Beat egg whites with mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Gradually add sugar, 1 Tbsp at a time, until incorporated. Scrape down sides of bowl, then continue to beat on high speed 7 minutes or until stiff, white, glossy peaks form and mixture no longer feels grainy. Beat in vanilla extract.
Sift cornstarch over beaten whites and drizzle with vinegar; fold in with a rubber spatula until incorporated.
Mound meringue on prepared baking sheet and shape into a 6 1/2-in. round using a metal offset spatula. Indent the top of the mound with spatula to form a slight hollow.
Place in oven; reduce oven temperature to 250°F. Bake 1 hour. Turn off oven and completely cool in oven, about 4 hours. The meringue will crack in several places; this is how it should be.
Using a small knife, carefully cut around top of meringue, letting crisp pieces fall into the middle of the shell, forming an indentation.
In a large bowl, fold sour cream into nondairy topping.
To serve: Spoon 3 cups of the fruit in middle of meringue. Top with sour cream mixture, then remaining fruit. Serve immediately.
Total time includes chilling time
Plan ahead: You can make the meringue up to 2 days ahead; store in an airtight container at room temperature.


1 stick unsalted butter
2 tbsp. solid vegetable shortening
⅓ c. firmly packed light-brown sugar
⅓ c. granulated sugar
Yolks from 2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. salt
1.67 c. all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
2¼ c. sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tbsp. freshly grated lemon peel
½ c. fresh lemon juice
Whites of 3 large eggs
¼ tsp. cider vinegar
⅓ c. sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 13 x 9-in. baking pan with foil, letting foil extend above pan at both ends. Coat foil with nonstick spray.
Beat butter, shortening and both the light-brown and granulated sugar in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until well mixed. Beat in yolks, vanilla and salt until blended. On low speed, gradually add flour; beat until just blended.
Pat dough over bottom and slightly up sides of pan.
Bake 15 minutes or until pale golden and firm when gently pressed.
Meanwhile make Filling: In a food processor or with mixer, process or beat ingredients until blended. Pour over hot crust. Bake 20 minutes until filling sets slightly.
Meringue: Beat egg whites in a medium bowl with mixer on high speed until foamy. Add vinegar; beat until soft peaks form. Beat in sugar, about 1 Tbsp at a time. Beat 5 minutes more or until shiny, stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted.
Spread the meringue over Filling to cover, making swirls with back of a spoon.
Bake 15 to 18 minutes until peaks of meringue are golden brown. Cool completely on a wire rack. Lift foil by ends onto cutting board; cut in bars. These are best served the day they're made.


½ c. walnuts
½ c. pecans
½ c. confectioners’ sugar
2 stick cold unsalted butter
1 tsp. peppermint extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
6  5 1⁄2-in.-long red-and-white peppermint candy canes
½ c. confectioners’ sugar
Heat oven to 325°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Put nuts and confectioners' sugar in food processor. Pulse just until finely ground (don't overprocess). Add butter and extract; pulse until smooth. Add  flour and pulse just until blended.
With lightly floured hands, on a lightly floured surface, roll dough into a thick log. Cut log in 8 equal  pieces. Roll each piece into an 8-in. rope. Cut each rope in 8 pieces. Roll some pieces into balls, others into a candy cane shape. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet.
Bake 13 to 16 minutes until bottoms are light brown.
Meanwhile, process candy canes and confectioners' sugar in food processor until a fine powder. Transfer to a plate.
Cool cookies on sheet on a wire rack 5 to 10 minutes. Gently (they're extremely fragile) transfer warm cookies to plate with coating  and dust with coating, adding more confectioners' sugar if needed. Cool completely.


2 c. sweet dessert wine (Muscat
½  vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, seeds scraped off, seeds and pod reserved
4 large ripe peaches
½ c. sugar
2 pt. raspberry sorbet or gelato
Garnish: fresh golden and/or red raspberries
You'll need a 13 x 9-in. baking dish. Mix wine, vanilla-bean seeds and pod (or extract, if using) in the baking dish until seeds are dispersed; add peaches, cut sides down. Marinate at room temperature 1 to 2 hours, occasionally spooning marinade over peaches to keep them moist.
Transfer peaches cut sides up to a platter; refrigerate.
Pour marinade into small saucepan; stir in sugar. Bring to a boil and boil until reduced by half or until thick and syrupy, about 7 minutes. Discard pod. Let cool to room temperature.
To serve: Put a peach half cut side up into each of 8 small dessert bowls, put a small scoop of sorbet into each cavity and drizzle with syrup.
Total time includes marinating.


9 whole cinnamon graham crackers
3 tbsp. butter
3 tbsp. instant-coffee granules
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
3  bricks cream cheese
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
3 large eggs
¾ c. sour cream
1¾ c. sour cream
¾ c. granulated sugar
Decoration: 1 Tbsp confectioners’ sugar mixed with 1⁄8 tsp ground cinnamon; chocolate-covered espresso beans
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly coat an 8-in. springform pan with cooking spray.
Crust: Break up crackers into food processor; pulse until fine crumbs form. Add butter; pulse until blended. Press over bottom of springform pan. Bake 8 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Meanwhile, make Filling: Dissolve coffee granules in vanilla in a large bowl. Add cream cheese; beat with mixer on high speed until smooth. Beat in sugars, cornstarch and cinnamon, scraping down sides of bowl often, until well blended. On low speed, add eggs; beat just until combined. Add sour cream; beat to blend. Pour into crust; spread evenly.
Bake 1 hour, or until puffed around edges but still jiggly in center. Remove from oven; let stand until Filling sinks slightly.
Topping: Stir sour cream and sugar in a small bowl until sugar dissolves. Carefully pour over filling, spreading evenly to edges. Bake 10 minutes, or until sour cream sets. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Refrigerate at least 6 hours, or up to 3 days.
To serve: Remove pan sides. Sift cinnamon-sugar over cake. Make a circle of espresso beans around the edge.


1 box devil’s food cake mix
1 stick butter
¼ c. water
1 large egg
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chunks
Garnish: 1/4 cup white baking chips
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need baking sheet(s) lined with nonstick foil.
Beat cake mix, butter, water, egg and vanilla in a medium bowl with mixer on medium speed 1 minute or until blended. Stir in chocolate chunks.
Drop heaping tablespoons dough about 3 in. apart on baking sheet(s).
Bake 12 to 14 minutes until puffed and set (cookies will sink when cool). Cool on pan 2 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.
Garnish: Put chips in a small ziptop bag; microwave on high, kneading bag every 10 seconds, until chips are melted. Snip a tip off a corner and drizzle chocolate on cookies. Let set.


55  vanilla wafer cookies
1 stick butter
1 box cook-&-serve vanilla pudding and pie filling
2 c. 1% lowfat milk
2  ripe bananas\
1 can crushed pineapple
1 tub frozen whipped topping
Garnish: 1⁄4 cup chopped walnuts, 1 square (1 oz) semisweet baking chocolate, 8 vanilla wafers and banana slices, and 9 stemmed maraschino cherries, patted dry
Have ready a 9-in. tart pan with removable bottom.
Crust: Process cookies in food processor until fine crumbs form. Add butter; pulse to blend. Using bottom of a small measuring cup, press evenly over   bottom and up sides of tart pan.
Prepare pudding mix as box directs using the 2 cups milk. Pour into crust and refrigerate about 1 hour until set and cold.
Top pudding with bananas; cover with pineapple. Drop large spoonfuls   whipped topping over pineapple; spread almost to crust, mounding slightly in center.
Remove pan sides (place pan on a small, sturdy bowl and let sides fall down). Put tart on serving plate.


2 stick unsalted butter
⅔ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. roasted, salted macadamia nuts
½ c. chopped dried tropical fruit mix (pineapple, papaya, mango)
2 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. confectioners’ sugar
6 tsp. milk or water
Green liquid food color
Decoration: silver and green dragées
Heat oven to 350ºF. Have 2 baking sheets ready.
Beat butter, sugar, vanilla and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until blended. Stir in nuts, fruit and flour until a dough forms. Divide in sixths.
Shape dough into 6 balls. Place 3 balls on each baking sheet; pat each ball into a 5-in. round. With a large knife, cut each round in 8 wedges (don't separate).
Bake (1 sheet at a time) 16 minutes, or until pale golden around edges. While hot, re-cut wedges. Cool slightly on baking sheets before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.


.67 c. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
3  rolls (1.14 oz each) regular 5-flavors-a-roll Life Savers candies
Beat butter, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 3 minutes or until fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla until well blended.
On low speed, gradually beat in flour until just blended. Divide dough in half, shape each into a 1-in.-thick disk and wrap separately. Refrigerate 30 minutes or up to 4 days (warm slightly before using).
Heat oven to 350°F. Line baking sheet(s) with foil; coat with nonstick spray. Have ready 6 1/4- and 3 1/4-in. Christmas tree cookie cutters and 3- and 1 1/2-in. round cookie cutters.
On lightly floured surface, with floured rolling pin, roll out 1 disk dough (keep other refrigerated) to 1/4 in. thick. Using large cutter cut out trees. Place 2 in. apart on lined baking sheet(s). Using small tree cutter cut a "window" in center of each. Repeat with round cutters. Reroll and cut scraps once.
Bake 1 sheet at a time 6 to 8 minutes until just barely tinged brown at edges. Using a drinking straw, punch out holes on sides of trees as shown (ornaments) and hanging holes on top of cookies, if desired. Using a small spoon, fill cutouts, except hanging holes, with candy until level with top of dough. Brush off stray bits. Bake 4 minutes or until candy melts.
Cool on sheets on wire rack 7 to 10 minutes until "glass" cools and hardens. Transfer cookies with a broad metal spatula to wire rack to cool completely.
To display cookies, hang in a window or on a Christmas tree.


½ c. slivered almonds
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ stick butter
½ c. firmly packed light brown sugar
1 large egg
2 tsp. almond extract
3 c. confectioners’ sugar
Assorted paste, gel or liquid food colors
White sanding (fine crystal) sugar
You'll need baking sheets and a 6-in. bird cookie cutter.
Pulse almonds in food processor until finely chopped. Add flour; process until almonds are finely ground. Add butter; pulse until crumbs form. Add sugar, egg and 1 1/2 tsp extract. Process just until dough forms.
Pat dough into a ball; divide in half. Place one half between 2 sheets of wax paper on a dampened work surface; roll out to 1/4 in. thick. Repeat with other half. Slide onto a baking sheet; place in freezer about 10 minutes.
Heat oven to 350ºF. Remove top sheet of wax paper. With floured cutter, cut out as many birds as possible. With metal spatula, remove birds; place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes, just until golden. Cool on baking sheet on wire rack 2 minutes, then remove to rack to cool completely. Reroll scraps; cut more birds.
Stir 2 cups confectioners' sugar, remaining 1/2 tsp extract and 2 to 3 Tbsp water until smooth. Divide among smaller bowls; tint each to desired color. Spread icing over each cookie.
Stir 1 cup confectioners' sugar with about 4 tsp water until thick enough to pipe. Spoon into small ziptop bag; snip off a tiny corner of bag. Pipe designs on a cookie, then immediately sprinkle with sanding sugar. Repeat with other cookies. Let dry at least 12 hours. Tap off excess sugar.
Plan ahead: Store un-iced cookies airtight at room temperature up to a week, decorated cookies up to 3 days.


1½ c. sliced natural almonds
1¼ c. sweetened flaked coconut
1 tub reduced-fat sour cream
¾ c. sugar
1 stick butter
2 large eggs
1 tsp. almond extract
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. salt
1½ c. all-purpose flour
3 oz. dark or bittersweet chocolate
3 oz. dark or bittersweet chocolate
2 tbsp. stick butter
½ tbsp. light corn syrup
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 10-cup bundt pan with nonstick spray.  Have ready a rimmed baking sheet.
Spread almonds at one end of baking  sheet, coconut on the other. Bake 8 to 12 minutes, stirring twice, until  toasted. Cool; reserve 1⁄2 cup almonds for decoration. Finely chop remaining almonds.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk sour cream, sugar, butter, eggs, almond extract, baking soda, vanilla and salt until  smooth. Stir in flour just until blended. Stir in coconut, chopped almonds and grated chocolate. Spread in bundt pan.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes until a wooden pick inserted near center of cake comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 20 minutes before inverting cake on  rack to cool completely.
Glaze: Melt chocolate and butter; stir in  corn syrup. Let cool until thick enough to spoon over top of cake.  Sprinkle with reserved almond slices.


1 stick unsalted butter
2 tbsp. solid vegetable shortening
⅓ c. firmly packed light-brown sugar
⅓ c. granulated sugar
Yolks from 2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. salt
⅓ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. toasted hazelnuts
1 tsp. freshly grated orange peel
⅓ c. bitter or sweet orange marmalade
36 whole hazelnuts
Heat oven to 350°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Beat butter, shortening and both the light-brown and granulated sugar in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until well mixed. Beat in yolks, vanilla and salt until blended. On low speed, gradually add flour; beat until just blended.
Put toasted hazelnuts in food processor; pulse just until ground. Beat into dough with grated peel.
Shape level tablespoons dough into balls. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s). Press thumb into center of balls to make a deep indent. Fill with 1⁄2 tsp marmalade; top with a hazelnut.
Bake 15 minutes or until cookies are lightly golden. Cool on sheet on a wire rack 2 minutes before removing to rack to cool completely.


1 tub strawberry cream cheese
1 large egg
¼ c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
1  sheet frozen puff pastry
Heat oven to 400°F. You'll need a baking sheet.
Stir cream cheese, egg yolk and 1⁄4 cup sugar until blended. Slightly beat egg white in a small bowl.
Place puff pastry lengthwise in center of baking sheet and unfold. With a rolling pin, roll out to a 12-in.-long rectangle. Spoon cheese filling in 2 1⁄2-in.-wide strip down center.
On both sides of filling, cut 1 in.-wide strips from filling to edge. Fold strips at an angle across filling, overlapping and alternating from side to side. Brush with egg white; sprinkle with remaining Tbsp sugar.
Bake 25 minutes until puffed and golden. Cool slightly on sheet on a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Different Takes: Add chocolate chips to filling; Scatter sliced almonds on top before sprinkling with sugar; Use Brown Sugar N' Cinnamon Spice Swirls Cream Cheese Spread instead of the strawberry cream cheese.


3 c. 1% lowfat milk
1  cinnamon stick
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. jasmine or basmati rice
Zest from 1 small lime, removed with a vegetable peeler
½ c. sugar
1½ tbsp. fresh lime juice
¼ tsp. each vanilla and coconut extract (or 1⁄2 tsp vanilla extract)
1 large firm-ripe mango (not overripe or it will be too soft to dice)
Garnish: 10 lime slices and grated lime zest
Bring milk and cinnamon stick to a simmer in a small saucepan. ­Cover, remove from heat and let steep while cooking rice.
Bring 2 cups water and the salt to a full boil in a 2-qt saucepan. Stir in rice. Place strips of lime zest on top. Reduce heat to low, cover and ­simmer 20 minutes, or until water is absorbed and rice is tender. ­Discard zest. Fluff rice with a fork; leave in saucepan.
Pour warm milk over rice. Stir in sugar. Bring to a simmer over ­medium heat. When small bubbles appear around edge of pan, reduce heat to medium-low. Gently simmer 15 to 20 minutes, stirring ­frequently, until pudding is thick and creamy. Remove from heat; stir in lime juice and extracts. Let cool 5 minutes. Remove cinnamon stick.
Holding mango firmly on a ­cutting board, cut a single slice along each side of the long flat seed so you have 2 halves. Cut side strips from seed. Remove peel from halves and strips. Dice 1⁄2-mango and side strips; cut remaining 1⁄2 crosswise in 10 thin slices for garnish. Stir diced mango into pudding. Let pudding cool about 20 minutes if serving warm. Garnish each with a mango and lime slice and grated lime zest.


1 box dark-chocolate thin mints (such as After Eight)
1¼ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1  ready-to-fill chocolate crumb crust
25 large marshmallows
¼ c. each white crème de cacao and green crème de menthe
Garnish: whipped cream, thin mints and mint sprigs
Reserve 4 thin mints for garnish. Put remaining 26 mints in a small saucepan; add 2 Tbsp cream. Stir over medium-low heat 1 to 2 minutes until melted and smooth. (Or microwave in a 4-cup glass measure about 1 minute.) Pour into crumb crust and place in freezer to cool until firm, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, put marshmallows and crème de cacao in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir with a whisk 4 to 5 minutes until melted and smooth. Whisk in crème de menthe; place in freezer to cool about 10 minutes.
Put remaining cream in a large, deep bowl. Beat with mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Whisk cooled liqueur mixture to recombine, then fold into the cream until well blended. Pour over thin-mint layer. Cover and freeze at least 24 hours.
Just before serving: Garnish as shown. To make clean cuts, use a long, sharp knife, and dip in hot water between cuts.


2 stick unsalted butter
1 lb. confectioners’ sugar
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice (grate zest first)
1½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. milk
¾ c. yellow cornmeal
2 tbsp. grated lemon zest
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tbsp. lemon juice
1 tsp. raspberry extract
Red liquid food color
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat five 5 3/4 x 3 1/4 x 2-in. disposable foil loaf pans with nonstick spray.
Beat butter, sugar, lemon juice, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with mixer on low speed to blend. On high speed, beat until pale and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each. On low speed, beat in flour in three additions, alternating with milk in two additions, just until combined. Beat in cornmeal and zest. Scrape into prepared pans. Smooth tops; place on a baking sheet.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack.
Glaze: Stir 1/3 cup confectioners' sugar and 3/4 tsp water in a bowl until smooth. Scrape into a small ziptop bag. Stir remaining sugar, lemon juice and extract in bowl until smooth. Add red color with tip of a toothpick to tint pink.
Remove cakes from pans. Spread tops with pink glaze, letting some drip down sides. Let stand 5 minutes. Snip tip off corner of ziptop bag; drizzle white glaze over pink. Refrigerate until set.


1 large Granny Smith apple (8 oz), peeled, halved
½ c. walnuts
½ c. raisins
2 stick unsalted butter
1 c. packed dark-brown sugar
¾ c. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. each ground cinnamon and ginger
¾ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
3 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. chunky applesauce
1  brick cream cheese
¾ stick unsalted butter
¼ c. honey
½ tsp. vanilla extract
Garnish: thinly sliced apple
Cake: Heat oven to 350°F. Coat two 9 x 2-in. cake pans with non­stick spray. Line bottoms with wax paper; spray paper. Ar­range apple slices in a single layer in 1 prepared pan. Sprinkle walnuts and raisins evenly over bottom of other prepared pan.
Beat butter, sugars, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger and salt in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until blended. Increase speed to medium-high and beat, scraping bowl a few times, 3 minutes or until fluffy.
On low speed, beat in eggs 1 at a time until well blended. Beat in flour in 4 additions, alternately with applesauce in 3 additions, just until blended. Divide batter between prepared pans, gently spreading level.
Bake 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes. Gently run a knife around sides of cakes and invert cakes sharply on rack; remove wax paper. Cool completely.
Frosting: Beat cream cheese, butter, honey and vanilla in a medium bowl with mixer on medium speed about 2 minutes until smooth and fluffy.
Place apple cake layer apple side up on cake platter. Spread with 3/4 cup frosting. Top with other cake layer walnut-raisin side down. Spread top of cake with remaining frosting. Just before serving, garnish with sliced apple.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. sugar
½ stick cold butter
¼ c. solid vegetable shortening
3 tbsp. very cold water
¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
3 large eggs
1 stick butter
½ c. reduced-fat sour cream
2½ tbsp. freshly grated lemon peel
½ c. fresh lemon juice
1 pt. ripe strawberries
2  ripe kiwi, peeled,
Have ready an 11-in. tart pan with removable sides.
Put flour and sugar in food processor; pulse to mix. Add butter and shortening; pulse just until mixture resembles small peas. Add water all at once; pulse just until a dough forms. Remove blade, then dough. Press into a 1-in.-thick disk, wrap and refrigerate 30 minutes or until firm enough to roll out.
On a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin, roll dough into a 13-in. circle. Line bottom and sides of tart pan; cut off any excess. Place in freezer 10 minutes to firm.
Meanwhile heat oven to 425°F. Line pastry shell with foil, pressing foil into corners. Bake 15 minutes, remove foil and bake 5 minutes more until top edges are lightly browned. Cool on a wire rack. Reduce oven temperature to 375°F.
Meanwhile whisk sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl to combine. Whisk in eggs until combined. Whisk in butter, then sour cream, lemon peel and juice until blended (mixture will look curdled). Pour into tart shell.
No more than 4 hours before serving: Place tart pan on a small, sturdy bowl; let pan sides fall down. Place tart on a serving plate. Arrange fruit on filling as shown (see larger photo, page 99). Refrigerate until serving.
In a hurry? Use a refrigerated ready-to-use pie crust (from a 15-oz box). Roll out crust to 13 in. (Step 3), then proceed as directed.


1 container part-skim ricotta
3 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
½ tsp. grated lemon zest
1 tbsp. lemon juice
½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
1 c. nonfat milk
½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. melted
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. fresh blueberries
⅓ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. lemon juice
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. grated lemon zest
1 roll green apple–flavor
Fruit by the Foot fruit leather
Garnish: extra confectioners' sugar
Filling: Mix ingredients in medium bowl until blended. Scrape into a sieve set over a bowl, cover and refrigerate 4 to 6 hours, until excess liquid drains from ricotta.
Meanwhile, make crêpe batter: Combine ingredients in a blender; process until smooth. Cover; let rest in refrigerator about 1 hour. You'll need sixteen 7-in. squares of wax paper.
Crêpes: Lightly coat a 6-in. nonstick skillet (measure pan across bottom) with nonstick spray. Place skillet over medium-low heat until pan is hot. Add 2 Tbsp batter, tilt skillet and gently swirl until batter covers bottom. Cook 1 minute, or until underside of crêpe is lightly browned. Loosen edges with a spatula and flip crêpe over. Cook other side 30 seconds. Slide crêpe onto a square of wax paper. Repeat with remaining batter, lightly spraying skillet each time and stacking cooked crêpes between wax paper.
Blueberry Sauce: Bring 2 cups of the blueberries and remaining sauce ingredients except lemon zest to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Cook 3 minutes, or until berries soften and release their juices. Transfer mixture to a blender and purée; scrape through a fine-mesh sieve to remove seeds. Stir in lemon zest and reserve.
To assemble: Discard drained liquid from filling. Unroll fruit leather and cut twelve 8-in.-long, 1/4-in.-wide strips. Place a rounded Tbsp ricotta filling in center of a crêpe. Gather up edges to form a small bundle and tie with a strip of fruit leather. Make 11 more bundles.
To serve: Place 2 bundles on each plate. Spoon 1/4 cup sauce around bundles and sprinkle with some of the remaining blueberries. Dust with confectioners' sugar, if desired. Serve immediately.
Total time includes draining ricotta.
You can make filling, crêpes and sauce up to 2 days ahead and refrigerate. Bring crêpes and sauce to room temperature before assembling.


1 c. hazelnuts
2 stick cold unsalted butter
1¾ c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
Heat oven to 325°F
Finely grind nuts in food processor (don't overprocess). Add butter, 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar and the vanilla. Process, scraping bowl often, to blend. Add flour; process until combined
With lightly floured hands, roll dough into 1-in. balls. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased cookiesheet(s)
Bake about 15 minutes until bottoms are light brown. Cool on sheets on a wire rack 15 minutes. Gently (cookies are fragile) roll warm cookies in remaining confectioners' sugar. Cool, then roll in sugar again. Refrigerate tightly covered with wax paper between layers up to 1 week.


1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
1 lb. bittersweet chocolate
2 tbsp. coffee or hazelnut liqueur
Dippers: fresh pear slices, crisp ladyfingers, dried apricots, marshmallows, strawberries
In a 4-cup microwave-safe bowl, heat cream on high just until steaming, about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes.
Add the chocolate; let stand until shiny and softened, about 3 minutes. Add the liqueur and whisk until smooth.
Transfer to a ceramic fondue pot or ceramic chafing dish and keep warm over an alcohol burner or votive candle. (You can also use a very small slow-cooker, set on low.) Serve immediately with Dippers.


1 stick unsalted butter
⅓ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. packed light brown sugar
1 large egg
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
¾ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. ground cardamom (optional)
¼ tsp. salt
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
Decorating Icing (recipe follows)
You’ll also need: 3-in. heart-shaped cookie cutter; 15 (10-in.) bamboo skewers; red gel food color; 3 pastry bags with plain writing tips; tall glasses or vases; plastic foam (Styrofoam); granulated sugar
Beat butter and sugars in large bowl with mixer until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in egg until blended; add vanilla, baking powder, cardamom and salt. Gradually add flour and beat until just smooth. Shape dough into a disc; cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour.
Heat oven to 350°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or nonstick foil. Roll out dough between 2 sheets parchment or wax paper to 3/8-in. thickness. Cut out 8 hearts with cookie cutter. Transfer 4 hearts to each prepared baking sheet with small spatula. Insert the point of a skewer (by gently twirling it between your thumb and index finger) about 2 1/2 in. into dough through pointed tip of each heart. Gather and refrigerate dough scraps.
Bake 12 to 14 minutes, until cookies are golden brown at edges. Cool on sheet on wire rack 5 minutes; transfer to rack and cool completely. Roll, cut and bake remaining hearts as directed above.
Divide decorating icing into 3 bowls. Tint one bowl red and one pink; leave one white. Transfer half of each color batch to separate pastry bags fitted with plain writing tips; refrigerate pastry bags. Thin the remaining icing with a few tsp water to the consistency of slightly whipped cream. Spread thinned icing over hearts; let dry completely. Outline hearts and decorate with patterns using the thick icing in pastry bags. Let designs dry completely.
To assemble: Fill glasses or vases with foam blocks cut to fit. Pour in sugar between glass and foam to cover. Trim skewers to varying lengths and insert into foam (space the cookies evenly so they're balanced to prevent tipping).
Plan ahead: You can bake and decorate cookies up to 4 days ahead. Store covered at room temperature.
Beat 1 lb confectioners' sugar and 1/4 cup Just Whites (powdered egg whites, found in your store's baking section) in large bowl with mixer on low speed to blend. Beat in 1/3 cup water. Increase speed to high; beat 5 minutes or until icing is very thick and white. Makes 2 1/2 cups.


1 lb. pitted dates
1½ c. orange juice
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. old-fashioned oats
.67 c. packed light-brown sugar
1½ c. pecans
2½ stick cold butter
Decoration: confectioners’ sugar
Filling: Bring dates and orange juice to a boil in a 3-qt saucepan. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring often, 15 minutes until dates are tender, orange juice is absorbed and mixture thickens. Set aside to cool.
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 13 x 9-in. baking pan with foil, letting foil extend above pan at both ends. Lightly coat with nonstick spray.
Crust & Topping: Put flour, oats, brown sugar and 1/2 cup chopped pecans in food processor; pulse to blend. Add butter; pulse until mixture is crumbly. Transfer 2 1/2 cups crumb mixture to a medium bowl. Press remaining crumbs over bottom of lined pan. Spoon Filling over crust and carefully spread in an even layer, up to 1/4 in. from edge. Stir remaining pecans into bowl with crumb mixture, sprinkle over filling and press down lightly with fingertips.
Bake 35 minutes or until edges are brown. Cool completely in baking pan on a wire rack.
Lift foil by ends to cutting board. Cut in 1 1/2-in. squares. Dust with confectioners' sugar. Refrigerate tightly covered with wax paper between layers up to 2 weeks or freeze up to 1 month.


1  roll (7 oz) or 1 can (8 oz) almond paste (not marzipan)
2 stick unsalted butter
1⅓ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. each almond and vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
6 large eggs
1 c. reduced-fat sour cream
3 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. confectioners’ sugar
3 tbsp. reduced-fat sour cream
1 tsp. almond extract
½ tsp. water
Decoration: whole natural almonds, edible white glitter (see Note) and mint sprigs
Heat oven to 325°F. You'll need a 10-in. tube pan with removable bottom, coated with nonstick spray.
Cake: Grate almond paste on large-hole side of box grater into a large bowl. Add butter, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, almond and vanilla extracts, and salt. Beat with mixer on medium speed until creamy. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, then  beat in sour cream. With mixer on low, beat in flour just until  blended.
Scrape batter into prepared pan and smooth top. Tap pan on  counter to remove any air pockets. Bake 1 1/4 hours or until pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. Cut around tube and sides of cake with thin knife and invert cake onto rack. Remove pan sides and bottom. Cool cake completely.
Glaze: Whisk all ingredients until smooth. Spoon glaze over cake. Using a spatula, spread glaze to cover cake completely. Decorate with almonds, glitter  and mint. Refrigerate to set glaze. Transfer cake to a serving  plate.
You can make the cake up to 1 week ahead and refrigerate. Glaze and decorate up to 1 day ahead.


¾ stick butter
1  brick cream cheese
1 lb. confectioners’ sugar (5 1/4 cups)
½ tsp. almond extract
½ c. almonds, toasted
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 tbsp. vegetable shortening
Decorations: tubes of pastel-colored decorating icing, each fitted with a round piping tip; tiny candy bunnies and chicks; and candy dots (sequins)
Line 2 rimmed baking sheets with wax paper. Beat butter and cream cheese in a medium bowl with mixer on medium speed until blended. Gradually add confectioners' sugar, extract and almonds, beating until blended (mixture will be stiff).
For each egg, fill a measuring tablespoon with the sugar dough. With fingers, push from spoon onto 1 of the lined sheets. Dipping fingers in confectioners' sugar, shape into an egg. Freeze 1 hour until cold and firm.
Melt chocolate as package directs in a deep bowl or saucepan; stir in shortening. Let stand at room temperature 5 minutes, or until lukewarm.
Place 1 egg at a time on a fork, hold over chocolate and spoon chocolate over egg to coat. Tap fork handle on edge of bowl to shake off excess chocolate. Gently, with spatula, push egg off fork onto other baking sheet. Repeat with remaining eggs, reheating chocolate if it thickens and refrigerating eggs if they soften.
To decorate: Pipe designs on eggs with decorating icing. Use remaining melted chocolate or decorating frosting and a toothpick to glue candies onto eggs.
Dired Fruit Variation: Substitute 1/2 tsp rum extract for the almond extract. Stir in 1 cup bagged dried fruit bits or finely chopped dried fruit.


2  lemons
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
½ c. sugar
Finely grate lemon peel (you need 1 Tbsp) and squeeze juice (you need 1⁄4 cup). Add juice and peel to a bowl along with cream and sugar.
Beat with mixer on high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted.
Freeze in airtight container at least 2 hours until hard.
Garnish servings with thin strips lemon peel, if desired.


1½ c. pitted fresh or frozen tart red cherries
3  ripe mangoes, peeled
3 tbsp. honey
½ c. nonfat sour cream
5 large eggs
½ c. sugar
1½ c. pitted fresh or frozen tart red cherries
¼ c. each sugar and water
Garnish: diced mango
Semifreddo: Cut cherries into small pieces; spread in a single  layer on a foil-lined baking sheet and freeze until very hard. You'll  need an 8-in. springform pan lined with nonstick foil. Place pan in freezer while preparing semifreddo.
Purée mango and honey in blender until smooth. Transfer to a large bowl; whisk in sour cream until blended.
Put eggs and sugar in a large, heatproof bowl set over a  saucepan of simmering water. With mixer on high speed, beat mixture  until thick, pale and tripled in volume, about 10 minutes, or until mixture registers 160°F on an instant-read thermometer. Remove from heat and fold into mango mixture.
Fold half of the frozen cherries into mixture and pour into prepared springform pan. Scatter remaining frozen cherries over top of batter. Freeze 24 hours or until solid.
Cherry  Sauce: In a medium saucepan bring ingredients for sauce to a boil;  gently boil 6 minutes. Pour mixture into a blender and purée. Pour into a  container and refrigerate until serving.
To serve: Remove sides from springform pan. Cut into wedges and place on plates. Let stand until  slightly softened. Serve with cherry sauce and diced mango.
Total time includes freezing.
You can make and freeze the semifreddo and make and refrigerate the sauce up to 1 week ahead.


1 box devil’s food cake mix
1¼ c. buttermilk
½ c. oil
3 large eggs
3 tbsp. orange liqueur or 1 Tbsp orange extract
1 c. mini–semisweet chocolate chips
4 stick butter
2 jar or 1 tub (16 oz) marshmallow cream (such as Marshmallow Fluff or Crème)
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ c. grated orange zest (from 3 to 4 oranges)
2 tbsp. orange juice
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need two 9 x 2-in. round cake pans coated with nonstick spray.
Cake: Beat cake mix, buttermilk, oil, eggs and liqueur in a large bowl with mixer on low speed 30 seconds or until blended. Scrape down sides of bowl; beat on medium speed 2 minutes. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour into prepared pans.
Bake 28 to 32 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers of cakes comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes, invert on rack, turn right side up and cool completely.
Frosting: Beat butter in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. Beat in marshmallow cream. When well blended, beat in confectioners' sugar, vanilla, orange zest and juice. Increase speed to high and beat 3 to 4 minutes until fluffy (makes 5 cups).
Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate. Spread with 1 cup frosting. Top with remaining cake layer. Spread top and sides with remaining frosting. Decorate with cut orange slices.


½ c. brown sugar
1 c. wine (any decent kind)
16 oz. dried apricots
1 c. pitted prunes
1 can pineapple chunks in juice
1 can cherry pie filling
Heat oven to 350°F. Have ready a 2- to 2 1/2-qt shallow baking dish.
Dissolve sugar in wine. Put dried and canned fruits in baking dish, add wine mixture and stir to mix. Cover with foil.
Bake 1 hour, or until most of the liquid is absorbed. Uncover, cool and transfer to serving dish; cover and refrigerate overnight.
Serve cold or at room temperature.




3 stick unsalted butter or margarine
2 c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 tbsp. freshly grated lemon peel
¾ tsp. salt
7 large eggs
3 c. cake flour (not self-rising) or 2 1⁄2 cups plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 c. semisweet chocolate mini-chips
1 stick unsalted butter or margarine
1 box confectioners’ sugar (about 3 3⁄4 cups)
1 tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
3 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 tsp. vanilla extract
confectioners’ sugar
1½ can or packages (7 to 9 ounces each) marzipan or almond paste (see Note 1
green and pink paste food color (cabbages and roses, see Note 2)
green liquid food color (coconut grass)
12 chocolate graham-cracker squares (dirt)
1 c. sweetened flaked coconut (grass)
jelly beans (stepping stones)
purchased shovel
purchased tiny plastic or rubber baby dolls (for baby-shower cake)
Cake: Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease and flour a 13 x 9-inch baking pan.
Beat butter in a large bowl with electric mixer about 30 seconds until smooth.
With mixer on low speed, gradually add sugar, then vanilla, lemon peel and salt. Increase mixer speed to high and beat until pale and fluffy.
With mixer still on high, add eggs one at a time, beating well after each. Continue beating, scraping down sides of bowl once or twice, until mixture is smooth, very pale and has increased in volume.
With a rubber spatula, gently fold in flour and chips until well blended and no lumps of flour remain (batter is very thick). Scrape into prepared pan and spread evenly.
Bake 45 to 50 minutes until a pick inserted near center comes out clean.
Cool cake in pan on wire rack 15 minutes. Invert on rack, tap pan, remove pan and let cake cool completely. (Chips may have sunk to bottom of cake. That's OK.)
Lemon Frosting: Beat butter in a large bowl with electric mixer 30 seconds or until smooth. Beat in remaining frosting ingredients until well blended and spreadable, adding a few more drops lemon juice if needed.
To assemble: After decorations are made, frost sides and top of cake. Decorate cake (directions follow).
SHOWER-CAKE DECORATIONS: It's important that all the decorations be completed before you frost the cake. The cabbages and roses can be made up to 3 months ahead and the fence pickets at least 8 hours or up to 3 months ahead.
To make fence pickets: On a surface lightly sprinkled with confectioners' sugar, roll out 1⁄2 can or package marzipan to 1⁄8-inch thickness with a rolling pin. Cut into 16 strips, each about 3 inches long and 1⁄2 inch wide. Cut points at one end of each. Press scraps together and add to remaining marzipan. Place pickets on a cookie sheet and let dry, uncovered, at least 8 hours until firm. Once firm, pickets may be stored airtight at room temperature up to 3 months.
To make cabbages: Divide 1 can or package marzipan (including scraps from pickets) in thirds. Knead in green paste food color, a small amount at a time, until 1⁄3 is very light green, 1⁄3 is medium green and 1⁄3 is a bit darker. Divide each shade of green into 16 pieces. Roll light-green marzipan into balls. Divide medium-green and dark-green pieces in thirds. Press each piece flat to form a leaf. Wrap and press 3 medium-green leaves onto a light-green ball (see Cooking Lesson, page 138). Wrap and press.
To make roses: Proceed as for cabbages using pink food color to get 3 shades of pink marzipan. Divide each shade into 24 pieces, then divide each piece in quarters. Press each piece into a thin petal. Starting with darkest shade and ending with lightest, gently wrap petals to form a rose, pressing petals together on bottom and flaring tops out slightly. Repeat until there are 24 roses, each with 12 petals. Store airtight at room temperature up to 3 months.
Crush graham-cracker squares in a plastic bag with a rolling pin until crumbs are fine.
Put coconut in a ziptop plastic food-storage bag. Squeeze 10 to 15 drops green food color on coconut, seal bag and shake until coconut is evenly tinted.
To decorate cake: Cut two 1 1⁄2-inch-wide strips of waxed paper, one 14 inches long and one 10 inches long. Place long strip down middle of frosted cake and short strip across center. Sprinkle crushed graham crackers on top of cake to cover. Carefully lift off waxed paper. Sprinkle coconut grass on bare areas of frosting. Place jelly beans, shovel, pitchfork and wagon on grass.
Press pickets into frosting against sides of cake. Plant cabbages or roses in cracker-crumb dirt. Place baby dolls around cabbages. Cover loosely with plastic wrap. Store 1 day only at room temperature. (If held longer, marzipan will dry and harden.)
DECORATIONS NOTE: (1) Marzipan and almond paste are smooth mixtures of ground almonds, sugar, corn syrup and glucose. For our recipe, you can use either one, but marzipan is preferred because it's more pliable. Both can be found in the baking section of most markets. (2) Paste food colors, miniature shovel, pitchfork and wagon and plastic baby dolls are available in party- and craft-supply stores.


2 can vanilla frosting
Bleachers: 36 sugar cubes, 6 chocolate cream-filled sugar wafers and 3 sections from a Kit Kat wafer
Pennants, Flag and Pompoms: 1 roll Berry Berry Twist Fruit by the Foot and 3 round wooden toothpicks
Spectators and Players: black, blue, brown, green, red and yellow paste (gel) food colors, Teddy Grahams cookies, Bearwiches sandwich cookies and 1 soft individually wrapped caramel candy
Scoreboard: 1 tea biscuit (such as Social Tea) and 2 sections from a Kit Kat wafer
Playing Field: 1 box (18.25 oz) any flavor cake mix, 1 chocolate cream-filled sugar wafer, 1⁄3 cup crushed Teddy Grahams cookies, 3 pieces Chiclets gum and 1 white Necco wafer
You also need: extra toothpicks and a small paintbrush
For assembling and serving the cake, have ready a tray or foil-covered board at least 18 x 12 in.
Bleachers: Working on a wax paper--lined pan, using frosting as "glue," line up 6 sugar cubes and glue together. Spread tops of first 4 cubes with frosting; line up 4 cubes on frosting, gluing sides together. Spread frosting on top of first 2 cubes gluing sides together to make a steplike riser. Repeat twice with remaining cubes to make a total of 3 risers. Set aside sugar wafers for seats until final assembly. Glue 1 Kit Kat section upright to back of each riser. Gently but firmly poke a 1⁄3-in.-deep hole in the cake and place inside.
Pennants: Cut a 1 1⁄4-in.-long strip from both blue and red sides of Fruit by the Foot. Wrap 1 short edge of each around toothpicks, pressing firmly to adhere. Cut a V in each. American flag: Cut two 1 1⁄2-in.-long strips from red side of Fruit by the Foot. Slightly overlap 2 long edges and press firmly to adhere. Cut a 3⁄4-in.-long strip from the blue side; press firmly on upper left side of flag. Wrap left edge of flag around a toothpick; press firmly to adhere. In a cup or small bowl, mix 1 Tbsp frosting with food coloring.
Spectators and Players: Put 1 Tbsp frosting into each of 6 cups or small bowls. Add a scant 1⁄2 tsp water to each. Color 1 black, 1 blue, 1 brown, 1 green, 1 red and 1 yellow, stirring to blend well. (You already have white.) For sitting spectators, gently saw Teddy Grahams and Bearwiches in half crosswise with a serrated knife. Separate back half of Bearwich legs from front. Using only front, glue legs to bears in sitting position with unthinned frosting; let dry.
Scoreboard: Glue tea biscuit to 2 sections Kit Kat wafers. Paint 1 side with thinned white frosting; let dry. Paint "Home", "Visit", "Total", innings and total boxes with tip of a toothpick dipped in black frosting. Add to pan to dry.
Playing Field: Prepare cake mix. Bake in a wax paper--lined 13 x 9-in. baking pan as box directs. Cool in pan completely. Invert on serving tray, leaving enough room at 1 end of tray for bleachers. Peel off wax paper. Dugout: About 1 1⁄2 in. from bleacher end of cake, cut a 3-in.-long, 1-in.-wide and 3⁄4-in.-deep rectangle for dugout. Split a sugar wafer; scrape off filling. Cut 2 small triangles from ends of half the wafer. Reserve other half and triangles.
Using unthinned white frosting, spread top of cake, inside dugout and sides of cake with a thin layer to seal crumbs; let set. Draw shape of infield with a toothpick, marking bases, pitcher's mound and home plate.
Put 1 1⁄4 cups frosting in a medium bowl; tint grass-green. Spread to cover grassy areas, leaving a circle in middle of diamond for pitcher's mound. Press reserved sugar wafer triangles into frosting at ends of dugout. Lean split sugar wafer on triangle edges at back of dugout. Let frosting set.
Reserve 2 Tbsp unthinned white frosting for glue. Use remaining to frost sides of cake. With water and a small brush barely moisten area of cake to be sprinkled with soil. Sprinkle with crushed Teddy Grahams. Place Chiclets at bases, Necco wafer at home plate.
To assemble: Place 2 risers 5 1⁄2 in. apart at dugout edge of cake; set third riser in between. Glue reserved sugar wafers on risers for seats. Insert pennants and flag in Kit Kats. Glue scoreboard to side of cake. Place 3 visiting team members in dugout. Place coaches, umpire and remaining players on the field, pressing gently into frosting. Glue cheerleaders and spectators on and around bleachers.


1 box cake mix
1½ can fluffy white frosting
Red and blue paste food color
½  to 2⁄3 cup confectioners’ sugar
cornstarch
1  rectangular cookie (such as Social Tea)
Tiny white star candies
4  3 1⁄2-in. and three 5 1⁄2-in.-long strands (strings) cherry Pull-n-Peel Twizzlers (see Note)
9  each small
You also need: 1 qt-size plastic ziptop bag and a 2-in. star-shape cookie cutter
Prepare cake mix and bake as pkg directs in a 13 x 9-in. pan. Cool in pan on a wire rack 10 minutes before inverting on rack to cool completely.
Color frosting as follows: Tint 3⁄4 cup red and 3⁄4 cup blue. Spoon 2 Tbsp red frosting (see Tip) and 2 Tbsp white into separate small bowls. Spoon remaining red frosting into the plastic bag; seal bag. Knead 1⁄4 cup confectioners' sugar into frosting in each bowl until a claylike dough forms, kneading in more sugar if dough is sticky. Wrap airtight in plastic wrap.
Lightly dust work surface and rolling pin with cornstarch. Roll doughs to about 1⁄8 in. thick. Using star cutter, cut out 5 red and 5 white stars. Press and reroll scraps (stars may crack when moved to the cake, so make extra). Transfer to cornstarch-dusted foil. Let set uncovered at room temperature overnight.
Melt 1 Tbsp blue frosting in microwave; spread on flat side of cookie and immediately add tiny white stars (use tweezers or the end of a toothpick dipped in water).
Score top of cake with a toothpick or skewer into 12 even rectangles (3 rows crosswise, 4 lengthwise). To frost cake: Using photo as a guide, spread white frosting on 2 rectangles in center of cake, then carefully spread blue and white frosting in alternating rectangles and on sides. Place frosted cookie in upper left corner of center rectangle. Evenly space Pull-n-Peel strands in place for stripes.
Snip tiny tip off corner of bag with red frosting. Use some of the frosting to pipe zigzag stitching lines between rectangles and around top edge of cake. Press a round candy in each corner, alternating colors. Snip 1⁄4 in. more off corner of bag; pipe beads around base of cake.
Press alternating white and red stars in rectangles around flag.


1 box yellow cake mix
2 can vanilla frosting
Blue, orange, green, yellow, red and black paste (icing) food color
Blue crystal sugar
1 box berry blue gelatin
1 package unflavored gelatin
1  Twinkie cream-filled snack cake
Yellow, green and blue Fruit Roll-Ups (from a 5-oz box of Blastin’ Berry Hot Colors)
Teddy Grahams cookies
Confetti sprinkles (tiny decor candies)
Large mint Lifesavers (from bagged, individually wrapped)
1  or 2 pretzel rods
1  white marshmallow
Cheddar flavor “baby” and regular goldfish crackers
1 c. finely crushed graham crackers
Seashell-shaped candies
2  mini chocolate bars (from a bag of Hershey’s Assorted Miniatures)
1 tsp. gold dragées or yellow sprinkles
Red licorice lace
chocolate-covered raisins
You also need: qt-size plastic ziptop bags (see Note), about 1 tsp corn syrup, 1 wooden skewer
Divide cake batter between 2 prepared 8-in. round cake pans. Bake as pkg directs. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes, then invert on rack; cool completely.
Tint all but 1 cup frosting light blue. Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate. Spread top with 1⁄2 cup blue frosting. Top with remaining cake layer. Starting about 1 in. from edge, cut a wavy outline about 3⁄4 in. deep. Using a fork, remove cake within outline in an even layer.
Spoon 1 cup blue frosting into a ziptop bag; seal. Spread remaining blue frosting on sides of cake. Snip 1⁄4 in. off corner of bag; pipe "waves" on border around cutout, taking care not to frost past edge of outline. Sprinkle waves with blue sugar. Refrigerate cake.
Water: Prepare blue and unflavored gelatin together as box directs for blue gelatin (to make 2 cups). Set in a bowl of ice cubes and water; stir until gelatin thickens to a thin pudding consistency. Immediately pour into cutout in cake. Refrigerate 15 minutes or until gelatin sets.
Boat: Trim Twinkie to 3 in. long. Tint 1⁄4 cup reserved frosting orange. With Twinkie flat side up, frost sides (not rounded bottom). Frost deck with untinted frosting. Tint 1 Tbsp frosting green, spoon into a ziptop bag, snip off a corner and pipe border around deck. Sail: Sandwich skewer (mast) between 2 pieces of yellow Fruit Roll-Ups, with pointed end extending below Roll-Ups. Press firmly to adhere. Cut Roll-Ups into a 3-in. triangle. Top with a flag cut from green Roll-Ups. Insert mast through deck.
Swimmers and snorkelers: Divide remaining frosting among cups. Leaving 1 portion white, tint others different colors. Spoon each into a ziptop bag. One at a time, cut a tiny tip off corner of bag and pipe clothing, snorkeling masks and features on bears. Mermaids: Brush lower half of each bear lightly with corn syrup. Wrap with a small piece of blue Roll-Ups, trim end to resemble fish tail and brush tail with corn syrup; roll in blue sugar. Pipe on hair and features. Use frosting to glue on confetti sprinkles.
Lifesavers and pilings on pier: Pipe red lines on Lifesavers. Trim pretzel rods to varied lengths (about 2 in.). Group together on waves. Pipe bands of yellow frosting around pretzels. Seagull: Trim marshmallow in shape of bird. Pipe on features for face and wing. Set on pilings.
Decorations on side of cake: Cut green Roll-Ups with scissors into seaweed shapes. Dip a toothpick into black frosting and dot eyes on fish crackers. Spoon crumbs around base of cake for sand; add seashell candies.
Treasure chest: Place 1 mini chocolate bar in the sand. With black frosting, glue on dragées. Pipe yellow straps on other chocolate bar. Pipe red lines across straps. Set in place.
Up to 1 hour before serving: Insert boat's mast into water. Place length of red licorice lace from deck to pilings. Place a few chocolate-covered raisin "rocks" on the waves; set a mermaid on top. Glue remaining bears, mermaids, fish and Lifesavers in place. Pipe white bubbles near snorkelers. Refrigerate until serving.


1 c. canned 100%-pure pumpkin
¾ c. firmly packed light-brown sugar
¾ c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs
½ c. oil
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. nutmeg
¾ tsp. salt
½ tsp. ground cloves
¼ tsp. baking soda
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
2 can whipped chocolate frosting
Maple Leaves (directions follow)
Marzipan Pumpkins & Fruits (directions follow)
Position racks to divide oven in thirds. Heat oven to 350°F. Coat three 8-in. round cake pans with nonstick spray. Line bottoms with wax paper.
Whisk pumpkin and sugars in a large bowl until sugars dissolve. Add remaining ingredients except flour; whisk until well blended. Stir in flour just until mixed. Divide batter between prepared pans (scant 1 1⁄4 cups each); smooth tops.
Stagger pans on oven racks and bake 25 to 30 minutes until tops spring back when center of cakes are gently pressed. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes. Run a knife between cakes and pans, invert cakes onto rack, peel off paper and cool completely.
To frost: Put 1 cake layer on a serving plate. Spread top with about 3⁄4 cup frosting. Repeat twice; spread remaining frosting on sides. Decorate with leaves, then pumpkins and fruit. Maple Leaves Wash and pat dry about 20 assorted-size real maple leaves (see Note 1). Melt 1⁄2 cup light cocoa candy melts (see Note 2) in microwave as package directs. Using a 1-in.-wide pastry brush, top half the leaves with the melted candy, remelting candy as needed. Place on wax paper--lined rimmed baking sheet, propping some.


1 box cake mix
2 tub fluffy white frosting
Red and blue food color
½  to 2⁄3 cup confectioners’ sugar
cornstarch
20 small candy hearts
You also need: 1 qt-size plastic freezer bag, assorted 11⁄2-in. heart-shaped cutters (available in pkg of 5) and 2-in. L, heart (O is heart-shaped), V and E cutters (see Note)
Prepare cake mix and bake in a 13 x 9-in. pan as directed on box. Cool in pan on a wire rack 10 minutes before inverting on rack to cool completely.
Color frosting as follows: Tint 1 cup pink and 1 cup pale lavender. Spoon 2 Tbsp of each color into separate small bowls (see Tip). Spoon remaining white frosting into the plastic bag; seal bag. Knead 1⁄4 cup confectioners' sugar into frosting in each bowl until a clay-like dough forms, kneading in more sugar if dough is sticky. Wrap airtight in plastic wrap.
Lightly dust work surface and rolling pin with cornstarch. Roll doughs to about 1⁄8 in. thick. Using cutters, cut a lavender L and V, a pink heart and E, and 4 small hearts from each color. Press and reroll scraps (pieces may crack, so make extra).
Transfer hearts and letters to a cornstarch-dusted sheet of foil. Let set uncovered at room temperature overnight.
Score top of cake with a toothpick or skewer into 12 even rectangles (3 rows lengthwise; 4 crosswise).
To frost cake: Carefully spread pink and lav­ender frosting in alternating rec­tangles and on sides of cake. Snip tiny tip off corner of bag with white frosting and pipe zigzag stitching lines between rectangles and around top of cake. Press a candy heart in each corner. Snip 1⁄4 in. more off corner of bag; pipe beads around base of cake.
Press alternating pink and lavender hearts in top and bottom row of rectangles and L(heart-shape)VE in center row.


1 package or 2 packages (4-serving size) any flavor red gelatin
1 package or 2 packages (4-serving size) berry-blue gelatin
3⅓ c. plus 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
2¼ c. granulated sugar
5¼ tsp. baking powder
1½ tsp. salt
2 stick butter
1¾ c. milk
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
8  whites of large eggs
3 tsp. unflavored gelatin
3 tbsp. cold water
3 c. cold heavy (whipping) cream
½ c. confectioners’ sugar
Extra decorations: tubes of red and blue decorating gel, red and blue sprinkles, fresh raspberries, fresh mint
Stars: Have ready two 13 x 9-inch pans (disposable foil is fine) and star-shape cookie cutters in various sizes.
Up to 1 day before serving: Place red and blue gelatin in separate bowls. Add 11⁄4 cups boiling water to each and stir until dissolved. Pour into separate pans and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours.
To unmold Stars: Line a cookie sheet with plastic wrap. Dip pans into warm water 10 to 15 seconds to loosen gelatin. Invert onto work surface. Cut out stars with each size cutter from both colors gelatin (you'll have more than needed to decorate cake). Lift stars to lined cookie sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to assemble cake.
Cake: Position racks to divide oven in thirds. Heat oven to 350°F. Generously grease, then flour two 8 x 1 1⁄2-inch-round cake pans and two 6 x 1 1⁄2-inch-round cake pans (see Cook's Tips).
Place all Cake ingredients except egg whites into a large bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed 1 minute until blended. Increase mixer speed to high and beat 2 minutes until fluffy. Return speed to low, add egg whites and beat just until blended. Increase speed to medium-high and beat 1 minute longer or until whites are thoroughly blended. Don't overbeat.
Immediately pour batter into prepared pans, filling each 2⁄3 full. Smooth tops.
Stagger pans on oven racks so no pan sits directly above another. (Pans can remain in same position during baking.) Bake 28 to 32 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center of each layer comes out clean (smaller layers may finish baking first).
Cool cakes in pans on wire racks 5 minutes before inverting on racks to cool completely.
Thirty minutes before assembling cake: Place a large bowl and beaters of an electric mixer in freezer 15 minutes.
Frosting: In a small saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over water and let stand 1 minute. Place over low heat and stir with a rubber spatula until completely dissolved. Pour into small bowl and cool about 5 minutes (mixture should still be warm).
Using chilled bowl and beaters, beat cream on high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted, about 2 minutes. Reduce speed to low, add confectioners' sugar and beat 30 seconds until blended. Add gelatin mixture, increase mixer speed to high and beat until stiff peaks form, 2 to 3 minutes. Use immediately. Makes 6 cups.
To assemble cake: Place one 8-inch cake layer on serving plate. Spread top with 1 cup frosting. Top with remaining 8-inch layer. Center a 6-inch layer on top. Spread top with 3⁄4 cup frosting. Top with second 6-inch layer. Frost top and sides.
Gently press some Stars onto cake. Pipe stripes with piping gels; add sprinkles. Garnish with berries and mint.
To serve: Cut top tier in wedges down to bottom tier, then cut bottom tier. Add 1 or 2 of the extra Stars to each serving.


2 box poundcake mix
3 can whipped vanilla frosting
Road: 1 cup finely crushed graham crackers
Mountain Peak: 1 sugar ice cream cone
1 c. canned chocolate frosting
Snow and Ice: clear coarse (crystal) sugar and rock candy
Rocks: 1⁄2 cup yogurt-covered raisins
2 can whipped vanilla frostin
Green, red, blue and yellow paste (gel) food color
Trees: thin pretzel sticks, Bugles (crisp corn snacks) and white nonpareils (snow)
Houses: graham crackers, tiny and regular-size Chiclets chewing gum (windows and doors), heart-shaped candy decors (trim)
Athletes: chocolate and honey Teddy Grahams cookies; red, white and blue star sprinkles (for sweaters) and colored nonpareils (eyes)
Pickax: banana-shaped candy (Runts) and 1-in. piece pretzel stick
Toboggan, Skis and Ski Poles: striped stick chewing gum, red and black licorice lace and beads from candy necklace
Mountain Goats: animal crackers (any shape will do), white and blue nonpareils (hair and eyes) and 1⁄4 cups canned chocolate frosting
American flag toothpick
You also need: 1 disposable decorating bag fitted with a 1⁄3-in. star tip and seven 1-qt-size plastic freezer bags (or decorating bags fitted with small plain tips)
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour two 8-in. round cake pans, one 9-in. round cake pan and one 8-oz glass custard cup. Prepare both boxes cake mix to­gether as box directs. Spoon 3⁄4 cup into cust­ard cup, 3 cups into each 8-in. pan and remaining batter into 9-in. pan. Bake cup 25 to 30 minutes, cakes 35 to 40 minutes or until golden and a wooden pick in­serted in centers comes out clean. Cool on wire racks 10 minutes before inverting on racks to cool completely.
Trim one 8-in. cake to a 6 1⁄2-in. round; re­serve scraps. Spoon 1⁄2 cup vanilla frosting into a plastic bag, seal and set aside. Place 9-in. cake on serving platter. Frost top and sides with vanilla frosting. Place 8-in. cake on top, lining it up with back of cake underneath. Frost top and sides. Re­peat with trimmed cake (back of stacked cakes should line up with each other). Cut two 3-in. pieces of cake scrap on the di­ag­onal; attach with frosting for ramps on bot­tom and second cake layer. Sprinkle road.
Trim 2 in. off point of ice cream cone; cut top of custard-cup cake flat. Place cake, trimmed side down, near back edge of 6 1⁄2-in. cake. Spread top with enough choc­olate frosting to secure cone; add cone. Fill opening on top of cone with a cake scrap.
Scrape remaining chocolate frosting into a plastic bag; microwave 5 to 10 seconds to warm slightly. Snip 1⁄4 in. off corner of bag; pipe frosting over cone and cake. (It's OK if it runs onto 6 1⁄2-in. cake.) Microwave reserved vanilla frosting in bag 5 seconds; snip off corner of bag and pipe over cone to resemble snow-topped mountain. Sprinkle cake with coarse sugar. Press on rock sugar and yogurt raisins.
Line a baking sheet with wax paper. Divide vanilla frosting evenly between 5 bowls. Tint each a different color, leaving 1 white. Transfer green frosting to pastry bag fitted with star tip. Spoon remaining colors and white into separate plastic bags; snip a tiny tip off 1 corner of each.
6 Trees: Using bag with green frosting, pipe a small dot on tip of a pretzel stick; top with a Bugle. Starting along bottom edge pipe vertical lines on Bugles to resemble branches. Place on lined baking sheet; sprinkle with white nonpareils. Re­peat for remaining trees. Let dry at least 2 hours.
Houses: With a serrated knife, cut graham crackers along seams into small rectangles. Trim 1 end of each for roof top, other end so houses are different heights. Pipe dots of frosting to glue on doors, windows and hearts. Pipe colored frosting roofs and white curlicue trim. Add to baking sheet.
Athletes: Pipe scarves, hats, gloves and sweaters, adding stars on sweaters. Pipe white dots for eyes; glue on colored nonpareils. Add to baking sheet.
Pickax: Using frosting as glue, attach Runt to pretzel. Place on baking sheet.
Toboggan, Skis and Ski Poles: Cut gum in pieces for skis and toboggan. Attach rounds from candy necklace to black licorice for ski poles; glue red licorice lace on toboggan for handles.
Mountain Goats: Pipe white frosting on all but legs and face of crackers. Cover with white nonpareils. Put chocolate frosting into a plastic bag, snip tip off corner; pipe legs and horns. Pipe white dots for eyes; attach blue nonpareils. Let dry.
To assemble: Arrange decorations start­ing with trees and houses and using frost­ing as needed to secure decorations in place. Insert flag into cake in top of sugar cone.You'll need a 10-in. or larger round serving platter.


1 oz. family-size poundcake (16 oz)
1 can each chocolate and vanilla frosting
Orange, lavender, black and red paste (gel) food color
1  vanilla wafer cookie
Ghost- and bat-shaped candy sprinkles
Gummy spiders
Chocolate graham crackers, crushed
You also need: 5 unpleated sandwich or snack-size ziptop bags
Have ready a 12 x 9-in. or larger serving plate.
Invert poundcake on cutting board. Cut cake at corners following dotted lines. Cut cake horizontally 3⁄4 in. from top to make "coffin lid..
Place both pieces cake cut side up on wax paper. Put 2 Tbsp chocolate frosting in a ziptop bag. Spread sides of cakes with remaining chocolate frosting. Using a fork, gently rake sides lengthwise to resemble wooden planks.
Tint 1⁄2 cup vanilla frosting orange; put 1 Tbsp in ziptop bag. Spread tops of cakes with remaining orange frosting. Snip a tiny corner off bag of chocolate frosting; pipe edges around tops of coffin and lid. Snip a tiny corner off bag of orange frosting; pipe lines on top of coffin bottom as shown for quilt.
Tint 2 Tbsp vanilla frosting lavender. Spread on coffin top for Dracula's cape collar. Tint 2 Tbsp vanilla frosting black and 1 Tbsp red. Put into separate ziptop bags. Put 1 Tbsp plain vanilla frosting in another bag. Cut a tiny corner from each bag. Pipe black frosting to outline cape collar and pipe cobweb on lid.
Pipe black frosting on vanilla wafer for Dracula's hair. Pipe 2 dots plain vanilla frosting for eyes, then black for irises. Pipe a chocolate V for nose, red for mouth and vanilla for fangs. Place cookie as shown. Add ghost and bat sprinkles and gummy spiders. Let frosting set, then transfer cakes with a large spatula to serving plate. Scatter crushed cookie "soil" on plate.


12 oz. fresh rhubarb, trimmed, stalks cut in 1⁄2-inch pieces (2 cups) or 2 cups frozen cut rhubarb
1 c. fresh strawberries, hulled and halved, or 1 cup unsweetened frozen strawberries
½ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
.13 tsp. salt
1¾ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
2 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. milk
1 stick unsalted butter or margarine (not spread)
1 tbsp. finely grated lemon peel
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Yolks from 4 large eggs (save whites for omelets or another use), at room temperature
2 large eggs
1¼ c. granulated sugar
1 pt. heavy (whipping) cream
½ c. confectioners’sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Decoration: sugared edible flowers or strawberry fans (see note)
Filling: Put Filling ingredients in a medium saucepan and stir to mix. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thick and nearly smooth. Let cool, stirring occasionally. Place waxed paper directly on surface (to keep a skin from forming) and refrigerate until cold or up to 2 days.
Heat oven to 350°F. Line bottom of an 8-inch springform pan with waxed paper. Grease paper. Wrap outside of pan with foil, molding it tightly around pan to keep batter from seeping out.
Cake: Put flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl and whisk until blended. In a small bowl, stir milk, melted butter, lemon peel and juice and vanilla until blended (mixture may look curdled).
In a large bowl with an electric mixer, beat egg yolks, whole eggs and sugar on high speed 7 minutes or until at least doubled in volume, thick, fluffy and pale.
Reduce mixer to medium speed and add flour mixture in 3 additions alternately with milk mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture, until well blended. Scrape into prepared pan. Smooth top.
Bake 55 to 60 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Remove pan to a wire rack to cool 20 minutes. Run a knife around inside edges of pan. Remove sides of pan. While still warm, loosen cake from pan bottom with a knife and remove waxed paper. Place cake on rack to cool completely.
Whipped Cream Frosting: Put cream and sugar in a large bowl. Beat with electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Beat in vanilla extract just until blended.
To assemble: Trim "hump" off top of cake with a long, serrated knife. Cut cake into 3 even layers.  Put bottom layer on a serving plate. Spread half the filling on top. Top with another cake layer and remaining filling. Top with remaining cake layer. Carefully spread frosting on sides and top of cake.
Refrigerate uncovered up to 4 hours. Decorate with sugared flowers or fanned strawberries up to 2 hours before serving.
Strawberry Fans: Hold strawberry on a cutting surface and make parallel cuts from tip of berry to as close to the stem as possible. Press berry gently to fan slices.
Sugaring Flowers: Mix meringue powder or Just Whites powdered egg whites following package directions for 2 egg whites. With fingers, gently dab mixture evenly on both sides of flowers. (Don't dip flowers or coating will be too thick.)
Sprinkle superfine granulated sugar over both sides of flowers until evenly coated. Place on a wire rack to dry, at least 8 hours.


½  a recipe of Classic Angel Food batter
¾ tsp. unflavored gelatin
1 tbsp. water
½ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
½ tsp. grated lemon zest
¼ c. lemon juice
⅓ c. each orange juice and water
¼ c. reduced-fat sour cream
½ c. sliced almonds, toasted Confectioners’ sugar, for dusting
You'll need a 9 x 5 x 3-in. loaf pan lined with double thickness of nonstick foil extending 2 in. over ends of pan. Prepare the Classic Angel Food batter, adding lemon extract instead of the vanilla extract in Step 3.
Bake 28 minutes, or until a skewer inserted into center comes out clean. Immediately invert the pan onto a wire rack. Cool completely. To loosen cake, run a knife around long sides of pan. Lift out of pan by foil ends and place in freezer with foil to firm up.
Sprinkle gelatin over water in small cup to soften. In medium saucepan, whisk sugar and cornstarch until blended. Stir in lemon zest and juice, orange juice and water. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture comes to a gentle boil. Stir in gelatin. Boil 1 minute, stirring constantly, until it thickens. Transfer to a bowl; stir in sour cream. Cover surface of filling with plastic wrap; let cool to room temperature.
Using a serrated knife, cut cake lengthwise into three even layers. Place bottom layer on a serving plate; spread with 1⁄2 cup Lemon Filling. Top with a second layer; spread with another 1⁄2 cup filling. Place last layer on top, cut side down. Spread sides of torte with remaining filling. Press almonds around sides of torte. Refrigerate 1 hour.
Dust top with confectioners' sugar. Using the back of a large knife, score the sugar into a diamond pattern, or sear the score lines by placing a 12-in. metal skewer over a stovetop burner until end is red-hot. Use a kitchen towel to pick up skewer; singe diamond pattern into sugar.


10 whole chocolate graham crackers
2 tbsp. cold light butter
1 tbsp. lightly beaten egg white
¼ c. each unsweetened Dutch process cocoa powder and cornstarch
2½ c. fat-free half and half
¾ c. sugar
2 oz. unsweetened chocolate
2 tsp. light butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. reduced-calorie whipped topping
Chocolate curls (optional, as garnish)
Heat oven to 350˚F. You'll need a 9-in. pie pan or plate coated with nonstick spray. Process graham crackers in food processor until finely ground. Add butter; pulse until coarse crumbs form. Add egg white; pulse until evenly moistened. Press crumb mixture evenly and firmly over bottom and sides of prepared pan. Bake 8 minutes; cool on wire rack.
In bowl, whisk cocoa powder and cornstarch; whisk in 1 1⁄2 cups of the half and half. In saucepan, heat remaining 1 cup half and half and the sugar over medium heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Whisk in cocoa mixture and melted chocolate. Cook, stirring, until filling begins to bubble; continue to cook, whisking, until very thick, about 2 minutes longer. Off heat, whisk in butter and vanilla.
Spread filling in crust. Place plastic wrap onto surface of filling; refrigerate at least 4 hours. To serve, remove plastic wrap; spread whipped topping over filling.


2  ripe red-skinned pears
¼ c. sugar
½ pt. raspberries
1 tbsp. cake flour (not self-rising)
½ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
½ tsp. baking powder
5 large egg whites
.74 c. granulated sugar
½ c. fat-free egg substitute
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 tbsp. minced crystallized ginger
Confectioners’ sugar, for dusting
½ c. reduced-calorie raspberry preserves
1⅓ c. reduced-calorie whipped topping
Topping: Toss pears and sugar in a bowl; stir in raspberries. Refrigerate.
Jelly Roll: Heat oven to 400°F. You'll need a 15 1/2 x 10 1/2 x 1-in. jelly roll pan coated with nonstick spray; line with wax paper. Coat paper with nonstick spray; dust with 1 Tbsp cake flour. In small bowl, whisk remaining 1⁄2 cup flour and baking powder.
In large bowl with mixer on medium-high speed, beat egg whites until soft peaks start to form. Gradually beat in 1⁄2 cup of the sugar. At high speed, continue to beat whites until stiff yet billowy peaks form.
In a medium bowl, beat egg substitute with remaining 1⁄4 cup sugar 3 minutes, until lightened in color. Add vanilla. At low speed, beat in half of the flour mixture; fold into egg whites with remaining flour mixture and ginger. Spread in prepared pan. Bake 12 minutes, or until top springs back when pressed. Let cool on rack 2 minutes.
Dust a clean kitchen towel with confectioners' sugar. Loosen cake from sides of pan; invert cake onto towel. Remove pan; peel off paper. Starting from a short end, roll up cake in towel; place seam-side down on rack and cool completely, about 30 minutes.
Scrape preserves through mesh sieve to remove seeds. Unroll cake; spread with preserves. Reroll cake; place seam-side down on cutting board. Trim ends of cake roll.
To serve, place a 1⁄2-inch slice jelly roll on a plate. Top with 1⁄4 cup fruit and 2 Tbsp whipped topping. Lean another slice against stack. Dust with confectioners' sugar.


1 c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. salt
10 large egg whites
1 tsp. cream of tartar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Adjust oven rack to lowest position; heat oven to 350°F. You'll need a 10-in. tube pan with removable bottom. Line bottom with nonstick foil, cutting to fit around the tube; place back into pan.
Whisk together cake flour, 1⁄4 cup sugar and the salt; transfer mixture to a sieve set over a small bowl.
In large bowl, beat the egg whites with electric mixer on medium speed 2 minutes until frothy and well blended. Add the cream of tartar; increase speed to medium-high and beat until soft peaks start to form, about 3 minutes. While still beating, add the remaining 1 cup sugar in a slow stream; continue to beat until whites are very thick and hold firm peaks when beaters are lifted, about 3 minutes. Beat in the vanilla.
Transfer mixture to a large, wide bowl. Sift 1⁄3 of the flour mixture over whites; fold in with a rubber spatula. Repeat twice with the remaining flour, folding in until incorporated. Scrape batter into pan and spread evenly. Run a knife through the batter to remove any air pockets.
Bake 35 minutes, or until top of cake springs back when pressed with fingertip or a skewer inserted into cake comes out clean. Immediately invert the pan onto a wire rack. Cool completely, upside down.
To loosen cake, run a knife around all sides of pan. Lift cake out of pan by tube. Loosen cake from bottom; invert to unmold.


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. each salt and baking soda
1 c. mini baking M&M;’s
1¾ c. old-fashioned oatmeal
¼ c. each packed dark-brown sugar and granulated sugar
1 c. peanut butter chips
Heat oven to 350°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Empty cookie mix into a large bowl, breaking up brown sugar if clumped. Work in butter with a rubber spatula. Add eggs and vanilla; stir until well blended. Drop heaping measuring tablespoons dough 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 12 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on baking sheet on a wire rack 2 minutes before removing to rack to cool completely. Combine flour, salt and baking soda and place in a 5-cup jar with a tight-fitting lid. Top with layers of M&M;'s, then oats. Mix sugars; add to jar. Top with peanut butter chips. Cover; give with recipe card. Write on recipe card: 1 jar Cookie Mix; 1 1/2 sticks (3/4 cup) butter, softened; 2 large eggs, beaten; 1 tsp vanilla extract.


1 box devil’s food cake mix
1 c. reduced-fat sour cream
½ c. water
3 large eggs
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1½ c. mashed ripe bananas
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
.67 c. heavy (whipping) cream
¼ c. light corn syrup
Garnish: coarsely chopped toasted walnuts, sweetened dried banana chips
Heat oven to 350°F. You’ll need 6 disposable baby (mini) loaf pans (5 3/4 x 3 1/4 x 2-in.) coated with nonstick spray and a baking sheet.
Beat cake mix, sour cream, water, eggs and cinnamon in a large bowl   with mixer on low speed 30 seconds or until blended. Scrape down sides of bowl; beat on medium speed 2 minutes. Stir in mashed bananas. Pour into prepared pans (about 1 1/4 cups batter each); place on baking sheet.
Bake 30 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out with moist crumbs. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes. Invert on rack, remove pans, turn right side up and cool.
Glaze: Microwave chocolate chips in a medium bowl on high, stirring every 20 seconds, until melted and smooth. Stir in cream and corn syrup; spread over tops of cakes. Sprinkle with walnuts and banana chips.


2 c. fresh raspberries
½ c. fresh blueberries
2 tub frozen whipped topping
15 whole cinnamon graham crackers
Garnish: 1 cup fresh blueberries and 11⁄4 cups fresh raspberries
Have ready a serving platter with a serving surface at least 10 x 8 in.
Purée raspberries and blueberries in a food processor. Transfer to a large bowl; fold in 5 cups whipped topping; remove and reserve 2 cups.
Place 1 graham cracker flat on work surface. Spread with 1⁄4 cup berry cream. Repeat, stacking crackers, until you have 5 layers. Place stack on its side on serving platter so crackers are horizontally upright (see photo, above). Add 10 more layers, sandwiching remaining berry cream and crackers (cream will hold layers together), ending with a cracker.
Coat cake with reserved 2 cups berry cream, then carefully cover sides and top with remaining plain topping.
Garnish top with alternating diagonal rows of berries, beginning and ending with raspberries. Refrigerate at least 3 hours. Starting at 1 corner, cut cake diagonally for layered effect in 3⁄4-in.-thick slices. Cut 4 largest slices in half.


¼ c. each sliced almonds and granulated sugar
1 package frozen puff pastry sheets (2 sheets)
White from 1 large egg, lightly beaten
8 large strawberries
2 container raspberries
Garnish: confectioners' sugar
Pulse almonds and granulated sugar in food processor until nuts are finely ground (store at room temperature in a ziptop bag up to 2 weeks before using).
You'll need a baking sheet lined with wax or parchment paper. Unfold one pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface; gently roll out seams with rolling pin until surface is flat. Cut into four 5-in. squares.
Working with one pastry square at a time, cut off a 1/2-in.-wide strip from each side of the square. Brush edges of square with egg white; top each side of the square with a dough strip, building a double-thick pastry edge. Square off edges of tarts with a large knife. Crimp pastry edges with a fork.
Transfer tart shells to prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining pastry, making a total of 8 tart shells. Freeze shells 1 hour or until hard; transfer to a freezer container lined with wax paper, or bake and serve.
When ready to bake, heat oven to 400°F. You'll need a large baking sheet lined with nonstick foil. Remove frozen tart shells and sprinkle surface of each shell (including edges) with a rounded tsp almond sugar; place on prepared baking sheet. Cut a strawberry in 4 slices and overlap in center of each tart shell. Sprinkle with 1/2 tsp almond sugar. Bake 24 minutes, or until puffed and golden.
Cool tarts on sheet on wire rack 10 minutes. Top tarts with fresh raspberries. Serve warm or at room temperature, dusted with confectioners' sugar.


2  family-size frozen poundcakes
3 can vanilla frosting
Yellow, orange and black paste (gel) food color
1  each black
1  black licorice lace
2  green and 2 blue mini-baking bits (such as M&M;’s)
5  or 6 strands cherry Twizzlers Pull-n-Peel
3  dark-pink (tropical punch) and 1 light-pink (strawberry banana) Starburst Fruit Chews
2  round hard candies
1  red Swedish fish jelly candy
Cut cakes as shown (see diagrams A and B, above right). Coat pieces with a thin layer of frosting to seal in crumbs. Place on wax paper; let set about 30 minutes.
Mom cat: Assemble on serving tray as shown, using just enough frosting to glue pieces together.
Tint 1/4 cup frosting yellow, then stir in a touch of orange to tint frosting buttery yellow. Using untinted frosting, generously frost Mom cat, pulling frosting out at sides of face to resemble fur. Apply yellow frosting with a narrow metal spatula for markings on tail, body, paws and face. While frosting is wet, insert black jelly bean sideways for nose. Add curved pieces of black licorice lace for eyelids, mouth and a line between nose and mouth.
Mix 1/2 tsp vanilla frosting with a little black food color and 1 or 2 drops water. Dip in tip of a toothpick; draw whiskers.
Orange tabby kitten: Assemble and glue pieces together as in Step 2. Tint 3/4 cup vanilla frosting pale orange and 2 Tbsp frosting a darker orange. Frost kitten with pale orange, pulling frosting out at sides of face to resemble fur. Apply darker orange for markings on tail, body, paws and face. Spread some untinted frosting at center of face. Cut dark-pink jelly bean crosswise in half. Insert half, cut side in, for nose. Add green baking bits for eyes and a curved piece of a Twizzlers strand for the mouth.
White-and-gray kitten: Assemble and glue pieces together as in Step 2. With black food color, tint 2 Tbsp frosting pale gray. Frost kitten with vanilla frosting using gray frosting for markings. Cut light-pink jelly bean in half crosswise. Insert half, cut side in, for nose. Add blue baking bits for eyes. Cut a small piece of a Twizzlers strand; insert cut side to make a tiny `o' for the mouth.
Knead together dark-pink Fruit Chews. With a rolling pin, roll out to a 5 x 3-in. piece. Cut a narrow strip, tie into a bow and place on head of white-and-gray kitten. Cut out triangles for mom's ears and white-and-gray kitten's ears. Frost 1 side; glue onto ears. Roll out remaining Fruit Chew to a 3 x 1-in. piece. Cut 2 triangles for tabby's ears; glue on.
Wrap 1 round hard candy with Twizzlers strands to resemble a ball of yarn. Place near mom cat. Place other round candy and fish between kittens' paws. You'll need a serving tray at least 14 x 11 in. Before You Begin-If you don't have a serving tray the size you need, cover a baking sheet, plastic-foam board or sturdy cardboard with foil or plastic wrap.-Use the large photos as a guide.-Paste (gel) food colors are available in supermarkets or stores selling crafts or cake-decorating supplies.


1⅓ c. mashed ripe bananas (3 large)
1 c. reduced-fat sour cream
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
1 box yellow cake mix
3 large eggs
⅓ c. oil
1 c. pecans
⅓ c. plus 2 tsp heavy (whipping) cream
1 bar bittersweet chocolate
1 tub refrigerated vanilla pudding
2 large ripe bananas
Position racks to divide oven in thirds. Heat to 350°F. Coat three 9-in. round cake pans with cooking spray. Line bottoms with wax paper.
Put mashed bananas, sour cream and brown sugar in a large bowl and beat with mixer on low speed until sugar dissolves. Add cake mix, eggs and oil; beat 2 minutes on medium speed. Stir in pecans. Spread in prepared pans.
Stagger pans on oven racks and bake 20 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes. Invert cakes on rack, remove paper and let cool completely.
Glaze: Heat 1/3 cup cream in a small saucepan (or bowl in microwave) just until steaming hot. Remove from heat, add chocolate; let stand 4 minutes. Stir until blended and smooth.
Mix reserved 1 Tbsp pudding and the 2 tsp cream. Spoon into a small ziptop bag; seal bag.
Filling: Thinly slice bananas. Put 1 cake layer on serving plate. Top with a sliced banana. Gently spread with half the pudding (about 1 cup). Top with another cake layer, cover with remaining banana and pudding. Put third cake layer in place.
Pour Glaze in the middle of the top layer; spread carefully to edges. Cut tip off corner of ziptop bag. Pipe lines about 1/2 in. apart on glaze. Draw a toothpick through lines.


2 whole graham crackers
1 stick mint chewing gum
¼ c. white chocolate melting wafers
6  thin pretzel sticks
1 c. vanilla frosting
Green, red, orange and blue gel or paste food color
1 can Chocolate frosting
2 c. chocolate cookie crumbs (Nabisco Oreo or Famous Chocolate Wafers)
24  vanilla cupcakes baked in white paper liners
1 c. corn flakes
9  green fruit chews (Jolly Rancher)
1  vanilla fruit chew (Tootsie Roll Midgee
4  red fruit chews (Jolly Rancher)
8  orange fruit chews (Starburst)
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
20  green M&M;’s
Green apple and watermelon AirHeads
2 tsp. multicolored chocolate-covered sunflower seeds (see Note)
Seed Packs and Shovels: With a serrated knife, cut graham crackers in half crosswise. Cut two 3/4-in.-long triangles from gum to make shovel blades. Line a baking sheet with wax paper. Put white chocolate melting wafers in a ziptop bag; do not seal. Microwave 10 seconds to soften. Squeeze, return to microwave and repeat until smooth. Press out air and seal.
Snip a small corner from the bag and pipe an outline around each graham cracker. Fill in with more chocolate and spread into a smooth, thin layer to cover cracker. Place on baking sheet and refrigerate until set, about 5 minutes.
Turn each cracker over and pipe a line of melted chocolate down the center of the uncoated side. Place a pretzel stick on top of the line of chocolate, leaving about a 2-in. overhang; refrigerate until set. Cut the remaining 2 pretzel sticks into two 2-in. and two 3/4-in. lengths. Pipe a small dot of melted chocolate on one end of a 2-in. pretzel stick and attach the smaller pretzel piece crosswise to make the shovel handle. Attach the gum shovel blade to the other end of the pretzel with a dot of melted chocolate.
Tint 1/2 cup of the vanilla frosting green, 1 Tbsp red, 2 Tbsp orange and 1/4 cup blue. Spoon each color, including the remaining 1 tablespoon vanilla frosting, into separate ziptop bags, press out excess air and seal. Spoon 1/4 cup chocolate frosting into a ziptop bag, press out the excess air and seal. Snip a tiny corner from each of the bags. Pipe the vegetable names in chocolate frosting and the vegetable shapes in the colored frostings on top of the chocolate-coated side of the graham crackers.
Place chocolate cookie crumbs in a medium bowl. Spread remaining chocolate frosting on cupcakes. Roll tops of cupcakes in crumbs to cover. Arrange in 4 rows of 6 on serving platter.
Lettuce: Line a baking sheet with wax paper. Put cornflakes in a small bowl. Spoon remaining green frosting into a small microwavable bowl. Microwave until smooth, stirring often, 5 to 10 seconds. Pour over cornflakes, toss well to coat, and spread the cornflakes onto baking sheet. Chill to set, about 10 minutes. Cut 2 green fruit chews in half and shape into balls. Place 1 green ball on top of each of 4 cupcakes and arrange 8 to 12 cornflakes around balls to make the leaves. Secure with a dot of green frosting.
Radishes: Cut the vanilla fruit chew into quarters. Roll 1 red fruit chew together with 1 vanilla piece, keeping colors separate, and shape into a ball. Pinch the white end to form the radish root. Place 1 radish on top of each of 4 cupcakes, and add green-frosted cornflakes for leaves.
Carrots: Cut 2 of the orange fruit chews in half; shape each piece into a small carrot. Shape remaining 6 fruit chews into 6 large carrots. Score the sides of carrots with a knife and rub with cinnamon for "dirt." Use a toothpick to make a small hole in the large end of each carrot. Cut 2 of the green fruit chews into thin strips and roll each strip between fingers to look like carrot tops. Press 4 or 5 strips into the hole in the top of each carrot. Arrange carrots on top of 5 cupcakes.
Peas: Roll out each of the remaining 5 green fruit chews into a 3 x 1-in. oval 1/8-in. thick. Press 4 green M&M;'s onto one side of each oval. Fold the other side over to cover the candies slightly. Pinch the ends and place 1 pea pod on top of each of 5 cupcakes. Cut thin strips from AirHeads and arrange around the pea pods as vines.
Insert the pretzel end of each sign into tops of 4 cupcakes. Place at the head of the rows. Insert the shovel blades into frosting of 2 cupcakes; scatter sunflower seeds around shovels. Place in rows with radishes and lettuce.
Note: Chocolate-covered sunflower seeds can be found at Trader Joe's and the Sweet Factory at most malls, as well as online.
The Garden Party cupcakes are adapted from the book Hello, Cupcake! by Karen Tack and Alan Richardson. Copyright © 2008 by Karen Tack and Alan Richardson. Reprinted by permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.


1 package frozen puff pastry
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
all-purpose flour
3  Golden Delicious apples
⅓ c. sugar
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground coriander
1 large egg
½ pt. whipping cream
Thaw one sheet of puff pastry overnight in the refrigerator or just leave it out at room temperature for at least 30 minutes. It might take longer, depending on how warm it is in your kitchen. If you have any doubts, thaw it ahead of time and put it back in the refrigerator until you're ready to roll it; from the refrigerator, you'll need 10 to 15 minutes at room temperature.
Preheat the oven to 475°F and butter a baking sheet.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the pastry sheet to a bit more than a 12-inch square. Using a plate as a guide, cut a 12-inch round. (If you have a 12-inch plate, cool. If not, use a smaller plate and cut around it with a margin of however much you need to make up the difference.) Gently pick up the pastry round with both hands and put it on the buttered baking sheet. Put this in the refrigerator while you work on the apples.
Peel the apples. Cut them in half through the stem ends and use the melon baler or spoon to scoop out the cores. Then put the apple halves flat side down on a cutting board and trim both ends straight across. Cut the apple halves crosswise into very thin slices.
Take the baking sheet out of the refrigerator. Arrange the apples on the pastry round in concentric circles so that the rounded sides of the slices face out, and the apple slices overlap by about 1/2 inch. Leave a 1/2-inch border at the edge of the tart and arrange the apples so that the entire pastry round (with the exception of the border) is covered by the apples.
In a small bowl, stir together the sugar, cinnamon, and coriander. Sprinkle over the apples only; any sugar on the pastry border will burn. Cut the 3 tablespoons of butter into about 20 thin slices and lay them over the apples, too. Whisk the egg in a small bowl for a glaze. Then use a pastry brush to paint the pastry border with the glaze.
Stick the tart in the oven and bake until the apples are tender and the border is browned, 13 to 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, whip the cream in a bowl with an electric mixer, or whisk, until soft peaks form when you lift the beater or whisk. The cream should not be too stiff.
When the tart is cooked, cut it immediately into quarters. Use a spatula to put one quarter on each of 4 plates and serve with the whipped cream.


1 stick butter
¾ c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. baking powder
2 large eggs
¾ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ c. each unsweetened cocoa powder and sugar
½ c. half-and-half
¼ c. light corn syrup
3 tbsp. stick butter
2 tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. salt
2 pt. vanilla ice cream
Heat oven to 350°F. Line an 8-in. square baking pan with foil, letting ends extend above pan on 2 sides. Grease foil in pan.
Beat butter, sugar, vanilla and baking powder in a medium bowl with mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in eggs until blended. On low speed, beat in flour and cocoa. Spread in pan.
Bake 20 to 25 minutes until a wooden pick inserted near center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Meanwhile make sauce: Whisk cocoa and sugar to blend in a saucepan or microwave-safe bowl. Stir in remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil, whisking occasionally until smooth.
To serve: Lift brownie from pan; cut in 9 squares. Place in dessert dishes. Top with ice cream, warm sauce, whipped cream and a cherry.
Garnish with sweetened whipped cream and maraschino cherries.


1 qt. fat-free half & half
1 box instant chocolate pudding and pie filling (4-serving size)
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
Garnish: whipped cream and ground cinnamon
Have ready a 13 x 9-in. baking pan and eight glass 8-oz Irish coffee mugs or other 8 oz mugs.
Whisk half & half, pudding mix and cinnamon in a large bowl 2 minutes. Pour into baking pan; cover and freeze at least 3 hours, or until frozen hard.
About 20 minutes before serving: Beat cream, sugar and vanilla in a medium bowl with mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Put coffee mugs in freezer. Remove mixture from freezer; leave at room temperature 15 minutes, or until it can be cut into large cubes. Place in food processor; pulse until smooth, scraping down sides occasionally. Divide among chilled mugs. Top with whipped cream; sprinkle with cinnamon and serve.


1  roll refrigerated sugar cookie dough
2 can vanilla frosting
Pink paste (icing) food color
Heat oven to 350°F. Have ready a 3-in. heart-shape cookie cutter and 3 large baking sheets. Coat 2 with nonstick spray.
Roll out dough between sheets of wax paper to 1/4 in. thick. Slide onto unsprayed sheet. Freeze 10 minutes until very firm. Peel off top paper. Cut out cookies; peel from paper. Place 2 in. apart on sprayed sheets. Put one in freezer.
Bake other sheet 12 minutes or until cookie edges are brown. Cool 1 minute, transfer to a wire rack to cool. Bake sheet from freezer.
Press dough scraps together and repeat Steps 2 and 3 only once.
Put each can frosting in a microwave-safe bowl. Tint 1 pink. Microwave, stirring at 10-second intervals, until liquid.
Frost cookies with back of a spoon. Drop dots of contrasting color on frosting with a toothpick. While wet, draw pick through dots to make hearts, wiping pick after each stroke. (Microwave and stir frosting as needed to liquefy.)


10  lollipop sticks
10  double-stuff Oreo cookies
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1½ tbsp. solid vegetable shortening
Decoration: green sprinkles (jimmies), candy-covered chocolate drops (ice cream topping)
Line a baking sheet with wax paper. Insert a lollipop stick into cream filling of each cookie.
Melt chocolate and shortening in a small bowl in microwave; stir until smooth.
Dip 1 cookie pop into melted chocolate, letting top of cookie rest on bottom of bowl for support. Spoon melted chocolate over cookie to coat. Transfer to lined baking sheet, using a fork to support pop from underneath if needed.
Sprinkle around edge with sprinkles, making a "wreath." Add chocolate drops. Let stand until set. Repeat with remaining cookie pops, remelting chocolate as needed. Wrap in food-safe cellophane or plastic wrap; tie with bow for gift-giving.


1 c. lowfat vanilla ice cream
6 tbsp. lowfat vanilla ice cream
2 package frozen lowfat chocolate-chocolate chip muffins
⅓ c. confectioners' sugar
1  ripe carambola (star fruit)
4 large strawberries
Using a mini–ice cream or cookie dough scoop (about 1 1/2 Tbsp capacity), scoop out 4 vanilla ice cream balls (pearls) and place on a plate. Store in freezer until ready to assemble desserts.
Cut muffins in half horizontally. Using the back of a teaspoon, press a small indentation on the cut sides of muffin bottoms where the ice cream pearls will rest. Microwave 1 cup vanilla ice cream in a 2-cup glass measure, stirring every 10 to 15 seconds until melted and smooth.
To assemble shells: Heavily dust muffin tops with confectioners' sugar to coat. Make lines in the sugar, using the back of a knife, to resemble a scallop shell (see photo).
Place muffin bottoms on plates; set an ice cream pearl in the hollow. Rest the muffin tops against the pearls. Spoon melted ice cream sauce around the shell. Decorate with star fruit and strawberries.


1 box spice cake mix
1 c. water
⅓ c. oil
4  eggs
1 package instant vanilla pudding mix
2 tsp. rum extract
2 tbsp. grated orange zest
Decoration: confectioners’ sugar, orange zest curls, sugared cranberries (see Note)
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need a 10-cup bundt pan (we used Nordic Ware's Bavaria pan) coated with nonstick spray.
With mixer on low speed, beat cake mix, water, oil, eggs, pudding mix and extract 30 seconds to combine. Beat 2 minutes at medium. Stir in zest. Pour batter into pan; bake 50 minutes, until pick inserted into center of cake comes out clean.
Cool in pan 10 minutes; turn out onto wire rack to cool completely. Just before serving, sprinkle with confectioners' sugar and decorate with orange zest curls and cranberries. Store undecorated cake airtight at cool room temperature up to 5 days.


1 box devil’s food cake mix
1⅓ c. buttermilk
½ c. oil
3 tbsp. coffee granules
3 large eggs
1 c. semisweet semisweet mini chocolate chips
1 c. finely chopped toasted pecans
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
3 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Decoration: white chocolate (about 1 oz) and toasted pecan halves
Cakes: Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need two 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2-in.  loaf pans coated with nonstick spray.
With mixer on low, beat cake mix, buttermilk, oil, coffee granules and eggs 30 seconds, until combined. Beat 2 minutes at medium speed. Stir in chocolate chips and  pecans.
Divide batter between prepared pans; bake 50 minutes, until  pick inserted into centers comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes on wire  rack. Remove from pans, turn right side up and cool completely.
Glaze: Heat cream on stovetop or in microwave just until steaming. Stir in  chocolate, let stand 5 minutes, then whisk until smooth. Let cool until  thickened slightly, about 5 minutes. Pour over cakes. Gently spread to  edges of loaves.
To decorate: Put white chocolate in a 1-qt sturdy ziptop bag. Microwave at 10-second intervals, squeezing the bag, until  melted. Cut a small hole in corner of bag; pipe white chocolate over cakes. Top cakes with pecan halves. Store decorated cakes airtight at  cool room temperature up to 3 days.


2 stick butter
½ c. each granulated sugar and packed light-brown sugar
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
2 tsp. grated lemon peel
1 tbsp. lemon juice
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. yellow cornmeal
40  lemon drop candies
1½ c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tbsp. milk
You also need: a wire strainer
Beat butter, sugars, baking soda and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in eggs, lemon peel and juice until well blended.
On low speed, gradually beat in flour and cornmeal until  blended.
Heat oven to 350°F. Drop rounded measuring teaspoons dough 2  in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 6 to 8 minutes or until golden brown around edges. Cool on sheet 1 minute before removing to  wire rack to cool completely.
Whisk 1 1/2 cups confectioners’ sugar and 2 Tbsp milk in a bowl until smooth.
Scrape Icing into a sturdy ziptop bag. Snip tiny tip off 1 corner and pipe a spiral on each cookie. Before  icing dries, spoon crushed candies into sieve and dust tops. Let dry  completely. Store airtight with wax paper between layers at room temperature up to 1 week.


2 c. milk
5 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. unsweetened cocoa
Pinch salt
1 bar dark chocolate with espresso (such as Ghirardelli Espresso Escape)
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Garnish: lightly sweetened whipped cream, espresso beans, cinnamon
Whisk milk, sugar, cornstarch, cocoa and salt in a medium saucepan to blend. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir often with a whisk, going into corners of saucepan.
Boil 1 minute, whisking, until thickened. Remove from heat; stir in chocolate and vanilla until chocolate melts and mixture is blended.
Scrape into a bowl. Cover surface directly with plastic wrap. Chill at least 2 hours or until cold. Spoon into small cups or bowls; garnish.
Active: 5 min/Total: 15 min (plus 2 hr chilling)


¾ c. all-purpose flour
1  roll (18 oz) refrigerated sugar-cookie dough
Assorted cookie cutters
Royal Icing (recipe follows)
You also need: assorted paste (gel) food colors,* 4-in. flexible metal spatula, small paintbrush, purchased disposable decorating bags,* small plain writing tips* and toothpicks
Heat oven to 350°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready
Knead flour into cookie dough. Roll out on floured surface with rolling pin to 1⁄4 in. thick. Cut out with cookie cutters. Reroll scraps. Place 1 in. apart on un­greased baking sheet.
Bake 10 to 15 minutes until edges are golden. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
For each color, put a portion of Royal Icing into a cup. Stir in food color to desired shade, leaving some icing white. Cover tightly. For cookies with base coats: Set aside some of each color, including white. Thin with drops of water until consistency of honey. Cover tightly.
To apply base coat: With spatula (for large areas) or paintbrush, spread thinned icing on one area of cookie (follow cover photo). Let dry at least 30 minutes before adding a second color.
To pipe outlines and designs: Spoon unthinned icing into decorating bags fitted with piping tips. Pipe, holding top of bag in one hand and using other hand to support it and guide the tip (see Tip).
For facial features: Draw on dry icing with a toothpick dipped in tinted icing.ROYAL ICING In a large bowl, with mixer on low speed, beat 1 lb confectioners' sugar and 3 Tbsp Just Whites (powdered egg whites) until well blended. Add 6 Tbsp water; beat to combine. Increase mixer speed to high; beat 8 minutes or until icing is thick and white. Makes 21⁄2 cups.*Found in supermarkets or stores selling crafts or cake-decorating supplies.


1½ stick  butter
1½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla
2 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. milk
1 box cook & serve vanilla pudding and pie filling mix
Yolk of 1 large egg
1½ c. milk
½ c. bittersweet or semisweet chocolate chips
2 tbsp. each butter and light corn syrup
Heat oven to 350ºF. You'll need two 9 x 2-in. round cake pans  coated with nonstick spray. Line bottoms with wax paper; spray paper.
Beat butter, sugar, vanilla, baking powder and salt in a large  bowl with mixer on medium speed 3 minutes or until fluffy.
Add eggs, 1  at a time, beating well after each. On low speed, beat in flour in 3  additions alternating with milk in 2 additions, just until blended.  Divide between prepared pans.
Bake 25 minutes or until a pick inserted  in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on rack 10 minutes, invert,  remove paper and cool completely.
Meanwhile, make filling: In medium  saucepan, whisk egg yolk and milk into pudding mix. Cook over medium  heat, stirring, until mixture comes to a boil. Pour into a bowl; place  plastic wrap directly onto custard surface. Chill 30 minutes or until  thickened.
Stir or whisk custard until smooth. Place one  cake layer on serving plate; spread custard over top. Top with remaining  cake layer, rounded side up. Refrigerate.
Meanwhile, make glaze: Stir  glaze ingredients in small saucepan over low heat just until chocolate  melts and mixture is smooth. Spread glaze over top of cake, allowing  some to drip down sides. Let stand 15 minutes at room temperature until  glaze is just set (or refrigerate until serving, then let stand at room  temperature about 20 minutes before serving).
You can make  the cakes and custard a day before, but make glaze and assemble on the  day.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 stick cold butter
1 tbsp. freshly grated orange peel
¼ c. ice water
3 small Golden Delicious apples
3 tbsp. sliced natural (with skin) almonds
3 tbsp. granulated sugar mixed with 1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
6 tsp. fresh orange juice
2 tbsp. stick butter
Garnish: confectioners’ sugar
To make Pastry in food processor: Put flour, butter and orange peel in processor; pulse until coarse crumbs form. Add water all at once; pulse just until dough begins to leave sides of bowl. By hand: Put flour in a bowl and cut in butter with a pastry blender until coarse crumbs form. Add peel and water; stir with a fork until mixture clumps together and a dough forms.
Gather into a ball, flatten and cut in 6 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a ball, flatten, then place each between sheets of plastic wrap. Roll each with a rolling pin to a 6-in.-diameter circle (circles don't have to be perfect). Refrigerate while preparing remaining ingredients.
Peel apples, halve, then core with a melon baller. Cut wedges to remove stem and bud ends. Turn halves cut side down and slice thin.
Heat oven to 425°F. Have a large baking sheet ready.
One at a time, remove dough circles from refrigerator. Peel off plastic and place dough circle on baking sheet. Leaving a 1- to 1 1/2-in. border, fan apple slices overlapping on dough. Sprinkle with 1/2 Tbsp each almonds and sugar mixture and 1 tsp orange juice. Fold edges of pastry over apples. Repeat to form 5 more pies. Dot apples with butter.
Bake 10 minutes, reduce oven temperature to 375°F and bake 25 to 30 minutes more until pastry is lightly browned and apples are tender. Remove pies to wire rack to cool until just warm. Just before serving, dust with confectioners' sugar.


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
1 stick butter
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ c. 1% lowfat milk
2 medium Granny Smith apples, peeled, halved
2 c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
1 stick butter
½ c. 1% lowfat milk
2 medium Granny Smith apples, peeled, halved, cored and cut in 1/2-in. dice
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 9 x 5 x 3-in. loaf pan with nonstick spray.
Streusel: Stir ingredients in a medium bowl with a fork until crumbly. Set aside.
Cake: Stir flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl until blended.
Beat eggs in a medium bowl with a fork just to blend. Stir in butter and milk to combine. Add to flour mixture and fold with a rubber spatula just until dry ingredients are moistened. Spoon half the batter into prepared pan; spread to cover bottom. Sprinkle with 1/2 the apples and 1/2 the streusel. Spoon on remaining batter, spreading to cover. Sprinkle with 1/2 the streusel, the remaining apples and then the remaining streusel.
Bake 1 hour 10 minutes to 1 hour 20 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 10 minutes. Run a knife around sides; invert cake onto rack. Turn streusel side up and let cool completely.


3 tbsp. cornmeal
6 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. finely chopped scallions
2 package active dry yeast
2 tsp. salt
1 tsp. sugar
½ tsp. ground red pepper (optional)
¼ tsp. baking soda
2 c. milk
½ c. water
6 oz. extra-sharp Cheddar cheese
Nonstick spray
Lightly coat two 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 1/4-in. loaf pans with nonstick spray. Dust each with 1 1/2 Tbsp cornmeal.
Mix 3 cups flour, the scallions, yeast, salt, sugar, red pepper and baking soda in a large bowl.
Heat milk and water until warm (105°F to 115°F). Stir into flour mixture, then stir in remaining 3 cups flour and 1 1/4 cups cheese.
Divide dough evenly between pans (dough is very sticky). Lightly coat dough with nonstick spray then spray 2 sheets wax paper and invert over pans. Let rise in a warm draft-free place 45 minutes or until doubled.
Heat oven to 400°F. Bake loaves 20 to 25 minutes until golden. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup cheese and bake 5 minutes longer. Cool in pans on a wire rack 5 minutes before removing from pans to cool completely. Wrap tightly. To give, attach a note saying, "Please toast." Store: Room temperature 3 days; freezer 2 months.
Herb-Parmesan Variation: Omit scallions. Substitute 1 tsp coarsely ground black pepper for the red pepper. Stir 1 Tbsp each minced fresh or 1 tsp each dried rosemary and thyme into dry mixture. Substitute 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese for the Cheddar, reserving 2 Tbsp to sprinkle on top. If using fresh rosemary, reserve a few small sprigs to insert decoratively in tops of loaves before baking.


½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. butter
1 tbsp. lemon juice
2 tbsp. peach schnapps or peach nectar
4 large ripe peaches (about 1 1⁄2 lb), pitted, peeled
2 tbsp. butter
1 large egg
1 c. plus 2 Tbsp cake flour (not self-rising flour)
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
⅓ c. sugar
2 tbsp. butter
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. almond extract
.67 c. buttermilk
Topping: In a 9 1⁄2- or 10-in. nonstick ovenproof skillet (see Note), mix sugar and 3 Tbsp water. Boil, swirling pan, about 5 minutes until sugar starts to caramelize and turns a light honey color. Remove from heat; stir in butter, lemon juice and schnapps until blended (if caramel hardens, stir over low heat until dissolved). Cool slightly, then arrange peach slices in caramel, overlapping to fit. Heat oven to 350°F.
Cake: Whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda and spices in a small bowl to blend. In a medium bowl, with a handheld mixer on medium speed, beat sugar, butter, egg and extracts 3 minutes, or until pale and smooth. On low speed, alternately beat in flour mixture and buttermilk just until blended. Spoon over peaches; spread evenly to edges.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool in skillet on a wire rack 5 minutes. Run a thin knife around edges of cake to loosen; invert onto serving plate. (If any peach slices stick to skillet, replace on cake.) Serve cake warm or at room temperature.
Note: If you don't have a skillet with an ovenproof handle, double-wrap the handle with foil to protect it from scorching.


3  whites from 3 large eggs
¼ tsp. cream of tartar
¾ c. sugar
½ tsp. almond extract
¼ tsp. liquid red food color
3 tbsp. strawberry jam
fresh strawberries
Position racks to divide oven in thirds. Heat to 225°F. You'll need 2 baking sheets lined with nonstick foil.
Beat egg whites with cream of tartar in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted.
On high speed, gradually add sugar and beat about 8 minutes until stiff, white, glossy peaks form and mixture no longer feels grainy. Beat in almond extract and food color until thoroughly blended.
Spoon into a large ziptop bag, snip 1/2 inch off 1 corner and pipe 72 small mounds (each about 1 inch across) 1 inch apart on baking sheets.
Bake 1 3/4 hour or until meringues feel firm. Turn off oven; leave meringues in oven 1 hour or overnight until kisses are dry and crisp all the way through. Peel off foil.
Shortly before serving: Put 1/4 tsp jam on bottom of 1 meringue; sandwich with another meringue. Repeat with remaining meringues and jam.


1½ stick unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
2½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. salt
1 large egg
¼ c. light (unsulphured) molasses
2.67 c. all-purpose flour
Decoration: 3/4 cup pearl sugar (see Note) or white coarse (crystal) sugar
Heat oven to 375°F. Line baking sheet(s) with foil.
Beat butter and sugar in a medium bowl with mixer on high speed until pale and fluffy. Add baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt; beat until well combined. Add egg; beat until blended, then beat in molasses. On low speed, beat in flour until just blended.
Shape dough in 1-inch balls; roll in pearl sugar. Place 2 in. apart on prepared baking sheet(s).
Bake 8 to 10 minutes until cookies are light brown around edges and tops crackle. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


½ c. whole or slivered blanched (without skin) almonds
¾ c. sugar
2 stick cold butter
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. almond extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
Red and green food paste color

Put almonds and sugar in a food processor and pulse until nuts are finely ground (don't overprocess or you'll end up with a paste). Add butter and process until smooth and creamy. Add egg and extracts and process until thoroughly combined, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Add flour and pulse just until blended.
Remove processor blade, then dough. Divide dough in thirds (1 cup each). Put each portion into a bowl. Stirring in food color with a sturdy spoon, tint 1 portion red, 1 green, and leave the third batch untinted.
Place each on a separate sheet of wax paper and roll into a log as long as your cookie press. Wrap logs in the wax paper; refrigerate 30 minutes or until fairly firm (see Tip).
Heat oven to 350°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Place 1 log at a time into cookie press. Using a variety of decorative disks, press dough 1 inch apart onto ungreasedcookie sheet(s). Decorate with sprinkles and sugar.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes until light golden brown around the edges. Immediately transfer to a wire rack to cool. You need a cookie press to make these beautiful cookies. If buying a press, look for one with a number of decorative discs so you can make a large variety of differently shaped cookies.


½ bag fresh marshmallows
½ stick butter
15 drop green food color
1 drop yellow food color
2½ c. cornflakes cereal
Decoration: strawberry Fruit by the Foot (from a 4 1/2-ounces box)
light corn syrup
Assorted colors M&M;’s mini baking bits or other tiny round candies
Line a baking sheet or tray with foil. Using a 3-inch-diameter food can (see Tip) or top of a drinking glass as a guide, trace 6 circles, 2 inches apart, on the foil with a toothpick. Lightly coat foil and inside and outside of a 1/3-cup measure with nonstick spray.
Stir marshmallows and butter in a large saucepan over low heat until melted and smooth. Stir in food colors until blended. Remove from heat; gently fold in cornflakes. Working quickly, lightly pack mixture into the prepared 1/3 cup and drop mixture in outlined circle. Push a finger into center of each to make a hole. Let stand until wreaths are firm.
For each bow:


7 whole graham crackers (2 squares each)
2 tbsp. stick butter
FILLING
3  bricks 1/3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
.67 c. sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
3 large eggs
¾ c. reduced-fat sour cream
6  squares white baking chocolate
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Chocolate Glaze
¼ c. heavy cream
½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
Decoration: 1 rose with stem (see Note)
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat an 8-inch springform pan with nonstick spray.
Break graham crackers into food processor. Add butter and pulse until fine crumbs form. Or crush crackers to fine crumbs in a plastic food bag with a rolling pin. Melt the butter, add to bag, and knead until blended. Transfer to springform pan and pat firmly over bottom.
Beat cream cheese, sugar, and cornstarch in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended. Beat in sour cream, white chocolate, lemon juice, and vanilla until well blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 250°F and bake 1 1/4 hours longer or until center still jiggles slightly when shaken. Turn off oven (leave door closed); let cake cool in oven 1 hour. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Carefully run a thin knife around edge of pan to release cake.
Heat heavy cream in a small saucepan until steaming. Remove from heat; add chocolate chips and stir until melted and smooth. Remove from heat; let cool slightly.
Remove pan sides; place cheesecake on serving plate. Spread glaze on top, creating pattern with back of a spoon. Place in a cake keeper or cover with a pot and refrigerate at least 4 hours or up to 3 days.
About 1 hour before serving: Remove cake to room temperature. Add rose just before serving.


1 large lemon
½ c. trans-fatty-acid-free spread
¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
½ c. refrigerated cholesterol and fat-free egg product
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ c. 1% lowfat milk
1¾ c. cake flour
3 tbsp. cake flour
⅓ c. toasted whole natural almonds
½ c. dried apricots
½ c. peaches
½ c. dried sweetened cranberries
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat an 8 1/2 by 4 1/4 by 2 1/2-inch loaf pan with nonstick spray.
Grate 2 1/2 teaspoon peel from lemon; squeeze 2 1/2 tablespoon juice. Beat spread, 3/4 cup sugar, the egg product, peel, and ba­king powder in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. On low speed, beat in milk, then flour to blend. Fold in nuts and fruit. Scrape into pan.
Bake 50 to 60 minutes until a pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes before inverting on rack; turn top side up. Place rack on wax paper.
Pierce bread. Mix juice and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar; brush on bread, letting it soak before adding more. Let cool. Cut with a serrated knife to serve.


2 stick unsalted butter
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. salt
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. finely chopped walnuts (see Tip)
1¼ c. confectioners' sugar
Heat oven to 325°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
In a large bowl, with electric mixer, beat butter and sugar until fluffy. Beat in vanilla and salt. With mixer on low speed, gradually beat in flour until blended. Stir in walnuts.
Roll level tablespoonfuls dough into 1 1/4-inch balls. Place 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 23 to 26 minutes or until bottoms are light golden. Cool on sheets on a wire rack 15 minutes. Put confectioners' sugar in a bowl.
Gently toss warm cookies, a few at a time, in confectioners' sugar to coat. Cool completely on wire rack. Before serving, dust or toss with additional confectioners' sugar.


1  batch Yogurt Cheese (recipe
¼ c. sweetened flaked coconut
1 lb.  cut-up fresh fruit (from tub or supermarket salad bar)
½ c. mini marshmallows     Yogurt Cheese
1  This spread resembles cream cheese but has less fat and cholesterol.
2  Set a medium strainer over a bowl; line strainer with 2 layers of paper towel or a paper coffee filter. 3. Add 1 1/2 cups plain lowfat yogurt
Mix Yogurt Cheese and coconut in a small bowl.
Layer with fruit salad and marshmallows in 4 parfait glasses or water goblets.


.67 c. slivered almonds
1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. granulated sugar
½ tsp. salt
.67 c. cold butter
2 tbsp. cold butter
2 tsp. cold butter
2  yolks of 2 large eggs
½ tsp. almond extract
2  limes
1  brick cream cheese
½ c. confectioners' sugar
3 c. cut-up fruit
Heat oven to 350°F. Line 2 baking sheets with foil. Placing a 4-inch plate or a 28-ounce tomato can on the foil as a guide, use a toothpick to outline four 4-in. circles, about 1-inch apart, in each pan.
Put almonds, flour, granulated sugar, and salt in food processor; pulse just until almonds are finely ground. Scatter butter over top; pulse until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add egg yolks and extract; pulse until dough clumps together. Remove blade; gather dough, place on wax paper, and press into a 1-inch-thick disk. Cut, like a pie, in 8 wedges.
Place each wedge in an outlined circle; press to fill outline evenly. Crimp or press edges decoratively.
Bake 16 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Slide foil with crusts (carefully, crusts are fragile) onto a wire rack to cool.
Meanwhile grate 1 teaspoon peel and squeeze 2 tablespoon juice from the limes. Place in a large bowl with cream cheese and confectioners' sugar. Beat or whisk until smooth.
Shortly before serving, spread cream cheese mixture on crusts; top with cut-up fruit.
To toast almonds, spread them in a baking pan or on a microwave-safe plate. Stirring a few times, bake in 350°F oven 8 to 10 minutes or microwave on high about 4 minutes until fragrant and lightly browned. Cool completely.
The crusts can be baked and cream cheese mixture made up to 1 week ahead. Store crusts airtight at room temperature; refrigerate cheese mixture. Cut fruits and mix up to 2 hours before serving. Refrigerate covered.


3 c. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
4 tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
1.67 c. heavy (whipping) cream
2 pt. strawberries
1 pt. blueberries
5 tbsp. sugar
3 tbsp. fresh orange juice (see Tip)
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. freshly grated orange peel
Heat oven to 425°F. Have ready a baking sheet and a 4-inch star-shape cookie cutter (see Note).
Shortcakes:
Lightly dust work surface with flour. Turn dough out onto work surface; knead gently about 3 times (dough will be dry). Roll out or pat to a little over 1/2 inch thick. Using cookie cutter, cut out stars, flouring cutter between each cut. Press scraps together, reroll once only (to avoid overworking dough) and cut to get 8 stars. Place 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheet. Brush tops with water just to moisten; sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar.
Bake 14 to 16 minutes until golden. Remove to a wire rack to cool completely.
Up to 4 hours before serving: Put berries, 3 tablespoons sugar, and the orange juice in a medium bowl; stir to mix. Let stand at least 20 minutes for strawberries to release their juices. Refrigerate until ready to use.
Up to 1 hour before serving: Beat cream, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, the vanilla and orange peel in a deep medium bowl with mixer on high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Cover and refrigerate.
To serve: Split shortcakes in half with a serrated knife. Place bottom halves on serving plates; top with berry mixture, then whipped cream and shortcake tops. Shortcakes taste best the day they're baked.


½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light brown sugar
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. ground cloves
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
2 large egg whites
1¼ c. pumpkin purée
2½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. milk
1½ c. fresh or frozen cranberries
.67 c. confectioner's sugar
3 tbsp. pure maple syrup
Toasted pumpkin seeds
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need 20 muffin cups lined with paper liners. Beat sugars, butter, spices, vanilla, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 2 minutes until blended.
Beat in eggs and whites. Beat in pumpkin purée on low speed until just combined. Alternately beat in flour, then milk, until just blended. Stir in berries.
Put 1/4 cup batter in each muffin cup. Bake 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted into centers comes out clean. Cool 5 minutes in pans on rack, remove from pans and cool completely.
Drizzle:




1 can whipped vanilla frosting
12  unfrosted cupcakes
1 box Fruit by the Foot Variety Pack (you’ll only need Color by the Foot and Strawberry packets)
1  tubes blue and/or green, red, black, and brown decorating icing
You also need: toothpicks, small cups, and spoons
Spread frosting on cupcakes.
Blond teacher:
Hair and bangs:
Redheaded teacher:
Brunette teacher:


2 c. sugar
½ c. water
⅓ c. light corn syrup
2  whites from large eggs
.67 c. malt-flavor powder (such as Ovaltine)
¾ c. salted peanuts
¾ c. semisweet chocolate chips
2 tsp. vegetable oil
Line an 8-inch square pan with foil, letting foil extend above pan on 2 sides. Grease foil in pan.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, bring sugar, water, and corn syrup to a boil, stirring occasionally. Boil, without stirring, 6 to 7 minutes or until a candy thermometer registers 260 degrees F. (Or when syrup dropped into very cold water forms a ball hard enough to hold its shape, yet pliable.
Meanwhile beat egg whites in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Gradually beat hot syrup into egg whites. Continue beating 5 minutes or until extremely stiff.
Using a wooden spoon and working quickly, stir in malt powder and 1/2 cup of the chopped nuts until blended. Scrape into prepared pan and spread to cover bottom of pan. Scatter remaining nuts evenly over top, then gently press them partially into the nougat. Place pan on wire rack and let cool 20 minutes or until top is set.
Meanwhile melt chocolate chips according to package directions. Stir in vegetable oil.
Lift foil by ends to cutting board. Cut nougat in 1-inch squares. Drizzle with chocolate. Let stand until chocolate sets before removing from foil. Store airtight with waxed paper between layers.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. sugar
2 tsp. finely grated lime peel
1 tsp. baking powder
½ stick cold butter
¾ c. dried tart cherries
3 large eggs
1¼ c. shelled lightly salted pistachio nuts
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a large cookie sheet.
In a food  processor, process flour, sugar, lime peel, and baking powder until  blended. Add butter and cherries. Pulse until cherries are coarsely chopped.
Spoon off and reserve 1 tablespoon of the beaten eggs. Add remaining eggs and the pistachios to food processor and pulse until dough is evenly moistened.
Turn dough out on a well-floured work surface (dough is sticky). Divide dough in quarters. With hands, roll  each portion into a 9-inch log. Place logs crosswise 3 inches apart on  prepared baking sheet. Press logs to flatten to 2 inches wide. Brush with reserved egg.
Bake 25 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool on  sheet on a wire rack 10 minutes. Loosen with a spatula and remove to a cutting board. Let cool 10 minutes longer.
Using a large heavy knife,  cut each log diagonally in 1/2-inch-thick slices. Arrange slices upright on clean cookie sheet (no need to grease sheet).
Bake 14 to 16 minutes longer until crisp. Remove to wire rack to cool (cookies will get even more crisp).


1½ stick butter
1½ c. packed light-brown sugar
1½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground cloves
¼ tsp. ginger
¼ tsp. nutmeg
1 c. slivered almonds
1 large egg
2 tbsp. milk
3 c. all-purpose flour
Beat butter, sugar, and spices in a large bowl with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in almonds, egg, and milk. Gradually beat in flour until well blended. Divide dough in half; shape each portion into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm enough to roll, at least 2 hours.
Heat oven to 350°F. Have cookie sheet(s) ready.
On lightly floured surface, roll 1 portion dough to 3/8-inch thickness. Lightly dust rubber stamp with flour or cornstarch. Press firmly into dough, lift off, then trim dough from edges of design if necessary. Lightly flour rubber stamp before making each cookie. Press scraps together, refrigerate, and re-roll. Place cookies 1 inch apart on cookie sheets.
Bake 12 to 15 minutes until cookies look dry and feel firm. Cool on cookie sheet on wire rack 1 to 2 minutes before removing to rack to cool completely.


2 stick unsalted butter
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
4 bar bittersweet chocolate
2 bar white chocolate
2 c. sweetened dried cranberries
Heat oven to 375°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Beat butter, sugars, and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in eggs, baking soda, and salt until blended (mixture will look curdled). On low speed, beat in flour just until blended. Stir in all the chocolate and 1 1/2 cups unchopped cranberries. Drop heaping tablespoons 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet. Sprinkle with chopped cranberries.


2 stick unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. grated lemon peel
½ tsp. salt
1 large egg
Yolks of 2 large eggs (save whites for another use)
2½ c. all-purpose flour
Egg wash: yolk of 1 large egg beaten with 2 teaspoons cold water
Decoration: coarse (crystal) sugar or granulated sugar
Beat butter, sugar, lemon peel, and salt in a large bowl with mixer on high speed until pale and fluffy. Beat in whole egg and yolks until well blended. Reduce speed to low, add flour and beat just to mix. Divide dough in quarters; shape each into a disk. Wrap each airtight; refrigerate at least 2 hours or until firm.
Heat oven to 350°F. Have ready baking sheet(s), a 4 1/2 by 2-inch dove cookie cutter and a 3/4-inch heart cookie cutter.
On lightly floured wax paper, with a lightly floured rolling pin, roll out 1 disk (keep rest refrigerated) to 1/4 inch thick (see Tip). Dipping cookie cutters in flour between cuts, cut out doves, then a heart in center of each. Slide a baking sheet under the wax paper; freeze 5 to 7 minutes until dough is firm. Peel off doves; push out hearts and place doves 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet(s). Reroll hearts and scraps. Brush doves with egg wash; sprinkle lightly with sugar. Repeat with remaining disks.
Bake 10 to 13 minutes or until cookies are lightly tinged golden around edges. Transfer with a broad spatula to a wire rack to cool.


1  brick cream cheese
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1½ tsp. almond extract
1¼ stick butter
2 tbsp. butter
5 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1½ c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ c. all-purpose flour
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 9-inch-square baking pan with foil, letting foil extend 2 inch above pan on opposite sides. Lightly coat with  nonstick spray.
Beat cream cheese and sugar with mixer  on medium speed until well blended. Beat in egg and extract just until combined.
Melt butter and chocolate in a 2-quart saucepan over  low heat, stirring often. Remove from heat. Whisk in remaining ingredients until smooth.
While brownie batter is still warm, spread half in prepared baking pan. Gently spread with Almond Swirl mixture. Spoon on remaining brownie batter, then spread to cover. With a spoon, gently swirl through batter in an over and under motion for a marbled effect (don't overwork).
Bake 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted near center comes out with moist crumbs attached. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Lift by foil ends to cutting board. Cut in squares; remove from foil.


2¼ c. cake flour
1¼ c. sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
½ c. unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch process)
2 tbsp. espresso powder
½ c. boiling water
¼ c. cold water
⅓ c. canola oil
5 large egg yolks
2 tbsp. hazelnut liqueur (Frangelico)
1 tsp. vanilla extract
10 large egg whites
1 tsp. cream of tartar
4 oz. semisweet chocolate
½ c. fat-free half-and-half
Toasted chopped hazelnuts
Heat oven to 325°F. Place oven rack at position just below center. You'll need a 10-inch tube pan with removable bottom. Whisk flour, 3/4 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl.
Stir cocoa and espresso with boiling water in a medium bowl until dissolved; add cold water, oil, yolks, liqueur, and vanilla. Stir cocoa mixture into flour mixture until blended.
Beat whites and cream of tartar in a large bowl with mixer on medium-high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Gradually beat in remaining 1/2 cup sugar. Beat until glossy and stiff peaks form.
Stir 1/4 of beaten whites into cocoa-flour batter to lighten. Gently fold batter into rest of whites until no white streaks remain. Pour into ungreased pan.
Bake 1 hour or until wooden skewer inserted into center comes out clean. Invert pan onto neck of a tall, narrow bottle, such as a wine bottle; cool completely. Run a thin knife around sides of cake; remove pan sides. Repeat with bottom of cake. Invert onto cake plate. Remove pan.
Glaze:




2 stick butter
1 jar Marshmallow Fluff or Creme
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
3 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1 tbsp. milk
Melt 3 ounces unsweetened baking chocolate as package directs.
Beat butter and melted chocolate in a large bowl with mixer on medium until creamy.
Beat in Marshmallow Fluff.
Then, beat in confectioners' sugar, 1 tablesoon milk and vanilla.
Increase speed to high and beat until fluffy. Makes 3 cups.


2 stick unsalted butter
6 oz. cream cheese
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 large eggs
2 tbsp. butter
1½ c. packed light-brown sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. pecans
⅓ c. dried apricots
Dough:
Heat oven to 375°F. Have ungreased miniature muffin pan(s) ready. (Mini muffin cups measure 1 1/4 inches across bottom.
Divide dough in quarters. Roll each portion into a 6-inches-long log. Cut 1 log in 12 equal pieces. With floured hands, flatten each piece to a 3-inch round and fit into a muffin cup (dough will extend above the cup).
Filling:
Bake 20 minutes or until pastry is brown and filling is set. Cool briefly in pan on a wire rack, then carefully remove cups, loosening them with tip of a knife if needed. Place on rack to cool completely. Repeat with remaining dough and filling. Dust tassies with confectioners' sugar.


1 stick butter
⅓ c. sugar
1 large egg
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. seedless raspberry jam
⅓ c. hazelnuts
Decoration: 1 cup (6-ounce) semisweet chocolate chips
Beat butter and sugar in medium bowl with mixer on high speed until fluffy. Beat in egg, reduce speed to low, and gradually add flour until blended. Divide dough in half; wrap in plastic wrap. Chill 1 hour or until firm enough to roll out.
Heat oven to 350°F. Have a baking sheet ready.
Place each portion dough between 2 sheets of wax paper; roll each into a 15- by 4-inch rectangle. Peel paper off top of both rectangles; invert dough 2 inch apart on ungreased baking sheet. Peel off wax paper.
Fold long sides of dough inward 1/2-inch, keeping borders even. Pat edges to keep sides straight and seal any cracks. Carefully spread half the jam on each rectangle up to turned-in edges. Sprinkle jam with nuts.
Bake 15 to 20 minutes until edges are light golden. Cool on pan on a wire rack 5 minutes. While still warm, cut each rectangle in 16 slices. Remove to rack to cool completely.
Melt chocolate in a small bowl in microwave as package directs. Dip ends of cookies in melted chocolate, scraping excess off bottom against edge of bowl. Place on wax paper. Refrigerate or leave in a cool place until chocolate sets.
Store airtight at cool room temperature with wax paper between layers up to 1 week or freeze up to 1 month.
To toast hazelnuts, spread the nuts on a baking sheet or pie plate. Bake in a 325°F oven 15 to 18 minutes, stirring occasionally, until skins begin to brown lightly and flake. Turn out onto a clean kitchen towel. Rub off most of skins. Cool, then chop.


1 can or 1 roll (7-ounce) almond paste (no substitutions)
.67 c. sugar
2  whites from 2 large eggs
1 tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
¾ c. pine nuts (pignoli; see Note)
Heat oven to 325°F. Line baking sheet(s) with foil
Beat first 4 ingredients in a medium bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. Drop heaping teaspoonfuls 1 inch apart on prepared baking sheet(s). Sprinkle with pine nuts to cover; press nuts gently to adhere.
Bake 22 to 25 minutes until tops feel firm and dry when lightly pressed. Cool completely on baking sheet on a wire rack. Peel off foil. These are best eaten within 2 weeks, or they can be frozen up to 3 months.


1½ stick butter
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 large egg
Yolk of 1 large egg
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ c. shelled pistachio nuts
½ tsp. almond extract
8 drop each green and red food color
¼ c. dried sweetened cherries or cranberries
Beat butter, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl with mixer on high speed 3 minutes or until fluffy. Beat in egg and yolk until well blended. Reduce mixer speed to low; beat in flour just until combined.
Divide dough in thirds; place each portion in a separate bowl. Add melted chocolate and 1/2 tsp vanilla extract to 1 bowl; pistachios, almond extract, and green food color to another bowl; and cherries, remaining 1/2 tsp vanilla extract and red food color to the last bowl. Stir each until ingredients have blended.
Place each portion between 2 sheets of wax paper. With a rolling pin, roll each into a 10- by 8-inch rectangle. Remove top sheets of paper. Invert cherry layer on chocolate layer, remove wax paper, then invert pistachio layer on cherry layer. Freeze 10 minutes until slightly firm. Remove wax paper from top. Starting at a long side, tightly roll up jelly-roll style, peeling off bottom sheet of wax paper as you go and pressing together any cracks in chocolate dough. Wrap and freeze 45 minutes until firm.
Heat oven to 350°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready. Cut log in 1/4-inch-thick slices. Place pinwheels 2 inch apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 10 to 12 minutes until bottoms are light golden. Immediately remove to a wire rack to cool completely.


12  Italian savoiardi ladyfingers (see FYI)
¼ c. brewed cold espresso or strong coffee
¼ c. Kahlúa (coffee-flavored liqueur)
1 tub mascarpone cheese
3 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. milk
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
3 tbsp. finely chopped semisweet chocolate
To decorate: tiny candy hearts and mint sprigs
You also need: a decorating bag fitted with a small star piping tip
Place ladyfingers on a rimmed baking sheet or tray. Mix espresso and Kahlúa and brush on both sides of ladyfingers to moist­en. Cover with plastic wrap and re­frigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.
Stir mascarpone, sugar, milk, and vanilla in a medium bowl until blended.
Beat cream in a large bowl with mixer on high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold into cheese mixture. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours.
Up to 1 hour before serving cut ladyfingers in half diagonally. Place a top half on each dessert plate. Flip bottom half over and place next to top half to form a heart. Spoon cheese mixture into decorating bag. Pipe on hearts, sprinkle each with 1 1/2 teaspoons chop­ped chocolate, then top with another lady­finger. Pipe on remaining mascarpone mixture. Decorate with candy hearts and mint. Refrigerate until serving.


1¼ c. walnuts
2 stick unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
1  white of 1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2½ c. all-purpose flour
.13 tsp. salt
½ c. seedless raspberry preserves
Decoration: confectioners' sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. Line baking sheet(s) with foil. Have ready a 3-inch and a 1-inch triangular cookie cutter or cut out 3-inch and 1-inch triangles from sturdy cardboard to use as patterns.
Put walnuts in food processor; pulse until very finely ground (don't overprocess or you'll end up with a paste)
Beat butter and sugar with mixer on medium speed until blended. Add walnuts, egg white, and vanilla; beat until smooth. On low speed, beat in flour and salt until just blended.
On a lightly floured surface with lightly floured rolling pin, roll out dough to 1/8 inch thick. Using 3-inch floured cookie cutter or unfloured 3-inch cardboard pattern, cut out triangles. Transfer to prepared baking sheet(s). Using 1-inch triangular cutter or a cardboard pattern, cut out triangles from center of 1/2 the cookies. Reroll and cut scraps.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes until firm and lightly brown around edges. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Dust triangles with openings with confectioners' sugar. Spread preserves over solid triangles; top with triangles with openings. Dust with more confectioners' sugar.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. buttermilk
2 large eggs
¼ c. canola oil
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. almond extract or 2 teaspoon rum extract
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate
confectioner's sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need an 8 1/2 by 4 1/2-inch loaf pan coated with nonstick spray. Line bottom and long sides of pan with wax paper; coat paper
Mix flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in large bowl. Whisk buttermilk, eggs, egg white, oil, and extracts in a medium bowl; stir into flour mixture until blended
Melt chocolate in microwave on high about 1 minute, stirring every 15 seconds; stir in 1 1/3 cups batter. Working quickly (chocolate batter will become firm and hard to swirl if you let it stand too long), pour some of the white batter over bottom of pan, then dollop with chocolate batter. Fill pan by alternating dollops of white and chocolate batter. Pull knife through batter to swirl.
Bake 1 hour or until pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. Remove from pan; put cake right side up on rack to cool. Dust with confectioner's sugar.


1¾ c. granulated sugar
1½ stick lite butter
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground allspice
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ tsp. baking soda
.13 tsp. salt
3 large eggs
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. whole-wheat flour
1 container reduced-fat sour cream
¼ c. packed dark brown sugar
⅓ c. uncooked quick-cooking oats
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tbsp. light stick butter
2 tsp. water
½ c. coarsely chopped pecans
Streusel:
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need a 13 by 9 by 2-inch baking pan lined with nonstick foil. Let ends of foil extend about 2 inches above pan on short sides.
Beat sugar, butter, spices, vanilla, baking soda, and salt in large bowl with mixer 3 minutes until blended. Beat in  eggs, one at a time, beating well after each. Alternately beat in flours with sour cream on low speed until just blended.
Spread batter evenly in pan, sprinkle with streusel and bake 35 minutes or until until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Lift cake by foil ends onto cutting  board. Cut into 24 squares.


6 c. watermelon chunks (from 5 pounds watermelon)
1 pt. ripe strawberries
½ c. strawberry jam
1 tsp. lemon juice
2 c. buttermilk
½ c. sugar
Small watermelon wedges
Arrange melon chunks in a single layer on a jelly-roll pan. Freeze 1 hour or until hard. Also put an 8- or 9-inch square metal pan in freezer.
Meanwhile make Strawberry Sauce:
Process frozen melon chunks, buttermilk, and sugar in food processor until smooth (mixture will be soft). Scrape into chilled pan. Freeze 1 hour or until firm enough to scoop.
To serve:


2 tbsp. butter or margarine
¼ c. honey
¼ c. rum
¼ tsp. pumpkin-pie spice or cinnamon
4  firm ripe bananas
1 pt. low-fat vanilla yogurt
Accompaniment: ginger cookies
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium high heat.
Stir in honey, rum, and spice.
Bring to a boil, add bananas and toss to coat.
Remove from heat.
Serve over yogurt with cookies on the side.
These bananas, cooked in a yummy, rummy sauce, are also perfect for spooning over vanilla or rum raisin ice cream, coconut or pineapple sorbet, even plain poundcake.




1 c. blanched whole almonds
1 c. shelled pistachios
⅓ c. candied cherries
⅓ c. candied pineapple
⅓ c. dried apricots
⅓ c. dried papaya
1 stick unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3 large eggs
White from 1 large egg
1½ tbsp. light corn syrup
3¼ c. all-purpose flour
2¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a large baking sheet with nonstick spray.
Spread almonds in a baking pan. Bake, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes until tinged with brown and fragrant. Remove from oven and add pistachios; let cool. Coarsely chop nuts.
Coarsely chop fruits, add to nuts and set aside.
Beat butter, sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on high speed until pale and fluffy. Add eggs and egg white, 1 at a time, beating well after each. Beat in corn syrup. On low speed, beat in flour, baking powder, and salt until blended. Stir in nuts and fruits.
Divide dough in thirds. Roll each portion into a log, 10 inches long, 2 inches wide. Place 2 inches apart on prepared baking sheet.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or just until firm. Place sheet on a wire rack. When logs are cool enough to handle, carefully remove to a cutting board. Using a serrated knife and gentle sawing motion, cut each log diagonally crosswise in 1/2-inch-thick slices. Lay slices on baking sheet(s).
Return to oven; bake 15 minutes longer or until golden and firm. Remove to wire rack to cool.


1½ stick butter or margarine (not spread)
½ c. sugar
1 large egg
½ tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
Assorted colors decorating (crystal) sugar
You also need: two 8 1/2 by 11-inch sheets cardboard, bottom of 1 egg carton, one 12-inch or longer wooden skewer
To prepare holders for dough ropes:
Dough:
Moisten work surface; top with a square piece of plastic wrap. Divide dough in quarters. Place 1 portion on the plastic wrap; roll into an 8-inch-long rope. Set rope of dough, still on plastic wrap, into one cardboard holder. Rope will gradually conform to a point at V of cardboard. Center skewer lengthwise on rope, press skewer about 1/2 way through dough, remove skewer, and shape both sides into top of heart. Overlap wrap to cover dough. Repeat with remaining dough.
Leaving wrapped ropes on carton; freeze 2 hours or refrigerate overnight until dough is firm enough to slice neatly.
Heat oven to 350°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Cut 1 rope at a time (leave rest refrigerated) into 1/4-inch-thick hearts (see Tip). Dip 1 side in colored sugar. Place 1/2 inch apart on ungreased baking sheet. Bake 8 to 9 minutes or until lightly brown around edges. Remove to countertop to cool.


2 stick unsalted butter
1  brick cream cheese
2½ c. all-purpose flour
Filling: about 1 cup canned ready-to-use fruit and/or nut pastry, cake or dessert filling
Egg wash: 1 large egg beaten with 2 teaspoons cold water
Decoration: confectioners’ sugar
Beat butter and cream cheese in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth and fluffy. Reduce mixer speed to low and gradually add flour, beating just until dough comes together. Divide in quarters; shape each portion into a 1-inch-thick square with even edges. Wrap each airtight; refrigerate at least 1 1/2 hours or until firm.
Heat oven to 350°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Tear off a 12-inch sheet of wax paper. Working quickly, generously sprinkle wax paper with flour and top with 1 square of dough (keep rest refrigerated); dust dough with flour. With a rolling pin, roll dough to a 10-inch square (see Tip). Cut in sixteen 2 1/2-inch squares, making 3 evenly spaced cuts horizontally and vertically. Place 1 slightly heaping teaspoon filling in middle of each square. Lightly dab egg wash onto 2 opposite corners, bring corners together over center of filling and pinch to adhere.
Bake 15 minutes or until edges are golden. Immediately remove to a wire rack to cool. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.


1½ stick butter
¾ c. confectioners' sugar
1 large egg
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 stick butter
½ c. honey
½ c. honey
¼ c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1¾ c. chopped hazelnuts
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 13- by 9-inch baking pan with nonstick foil, letting foil extend above pan at both ends.
Crust:
Bake 20 to 23 minutes until edges are lightly browned. Leave oven on.
Topping:
Bake 20 to 25 minutes until topping is bubbly and deep golden. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Lift foil by ends to cutting board. Cut in 4 rows lengthwise and 6 crosswise to make 24 bars. Cut each bar in half diagonally to make triangles.


½  roll refrigerated sugar-cookie dough
4 oz. light cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
¼ c. reduced-fat sour cream
2 tsp. sugar
2½ c. fruit
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
With lightly floured fingers, pat cookie dough into a 9-inch circle on an ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake 12 to 14 minutes until golden. Place cookie sheet on a wire rack and cool cookie 5 minutes.
Loosen cookie with a spatula, then slide onto rack to cool completely.
Meanwhile mix cream cheese, sour cream, and sugar in a small bowl with a wooden spoon until blended.
Place cookie on a serving plate. Spread cream cheese mixture to within 1/2 inch of edge. Arrange fruit on top. Serve or refrigerate up to 2 hours. To serve, cut in wedges.




⅓ c. sugar
¼ tsp. cinnamon
¼ c. raisins
¼ c. walnuts
1  sheet frozen puff pastry (from a 17 1/2-ounce box of two)
1  egg
Position racks to divide oven in thirds. Heat to 375 degrees F. Lightly grease a large cookie sheet.
Process Filling ingredients in a food processor until finely ground, about 45 seconds. Scrape into a small bowl.
Unfold puff pastry on a lightly floured surface. Brush lightly with egg. Sprinkle evenly with Filling. Tightly roll up pastry, jelly-roll style. Gently press roll to compress.
Cut roll into 1/2-inch-thick slices. Place, cut side down, on cookie sheet. Brush tops lightly with egg.
Bake on upper oven rack 15 minutes or until puffed and golden brown (bottoms may get dark brown). Serve warm or at room temperature.
Chocolate-Almond Variation: Thaw 1 sheet puff pastry and heat oven as directed. Omit Step 2. Substitute the following filling in Step 3: Process 1/3 cup each semisweet chocolate chips and whole (natural) almonds, and 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon in a food processor until finely ground, about 1 minute. Scrape into a small bowl. Proceed as directed.


1 can almond paste or 1 (7-ounce) roll
.67 c. sugar
2  egg whites
1 tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
¾ c. pine nuts
Heat oven to 325°F. Line cookie sheets with foil.
In a medium bowl beat almond paste, sugar, egg whites, and lemon peel with an electric mixer until smooth. Drop heaping teaspoonfuls dough 1 inch apart on prepared cookie sheet. Sprinkle with pine nuts to cover, then press them gently to adhere.
Bake 22 to 25 minutes until tops feel firm and dry when lightly pressed. Cool completely on cookie sheet on wire rack. Peel off foil. Store airtight at room temperature. (Cookies are best eaten within 2 weeks, or they can be frozen.)
Use only almond paste, not marzipan or canned almond filling.


1½ stick butter
¾ c. packed light-brown sugar
¼ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
1  ripe banana
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chunks
1 c. macadamia nuts
Heat oven to 350°F.
Beat butter, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 3 minutes or until fluffy. Beat in eggs, banana, and vanilla until well blended and banana is mashed.
On low speed, gradually beat in flour in 3 additions until just blended. Stir in chocolate and nuts.
Drop rounded measuring tablespoons of dough 2 in. apart onto ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 10 to 12 minutes until golden brown. Remove to rack to cool completely.


⅓ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 c. 1% lowfat milk
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 medium bananas
8  gingersnap cookies
Whisk sugar and cornstarch in a medium saucepan to combine. Slowly whisk in milk until well blended; whisk in egg. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil, whisking to keep milk from sticking to pan, 2 minutes or until thickened.
Remove pudding from heat and stir in vanilla until blended.
Pour into a small metal bowl; cover surface of pudding directly with plastic wrap (to keep a skin from forming). Refrigerate about 1 hour or until cold.
To serve:
Crush cookies in a sturdy plastic food bag.


6 whole lowfat honey graham crackers
2 tbsp. butter
1 tbsp. honey
1 box strawberry-kiwi-flavored gelatin
.67 c. boiling water
1 tub 1 percent fat cottage cheese
2  bricks
2 tbsp. sugar
2 tsp. strawberry extract
1 pt. fresh strawberries
2 tbsp. strawberry jelly
mint leaves
Coat an 8 x 3-in. springform pan with nonstick spray
Crust: Mix crumbs with butter mixture until evenly moistened. Press firmly over bottom and 3⁄4 in. up side of prepared pan. Place in freezer
Filling: Stir gelatin and the boiling water in a 1-cup measure until gelatin has completely dissolved. Purée cottage cheese in a food processor until creamy. Add gelatin, cream cheese, sugar and extract; process until blended and smooth. Pour into prepared crust; smooth top. Cover pan and refrigerate about 4 hours, or until Filling has set
Topping: Wash and dry strawberries; remove stems. Cut each in quarters lengthwise and place in a bowl; add jelly and gently toss to coat
Remove sides of springform pan and transfer cheesecake to a serving platter. Spoon berry mixture on top and sprinkle with mint leaves.Planning Tip:


2 stick butter
1 jar Marshmallow Fluff or Creme
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Beat butter in a large bowl with mixer on medium until creamy.
Beat in Marshmallow Fluff.
Then, beat in confectioners' sugar and vanilla.
Increase speed to high and beat until fluffy. Makes 3 cups.


1¼ c. packed light-brown sugar
¾ c. all-purpose flour
1 stick cold butter
2 tsp. cinnamon
1 c. walnuts
3¼ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. baking soda
1½ stick butter or margarine (not spread)
1¼ c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 container plain low-fat yogurt
2  Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 14-cup nonstick bundt pan.
Streusel:
Cake:
Spoon 3 cups batter into pan, spread evenly. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup of the streusel, the apples, then 1/2 cup streusel. Spoon on remaining batter and spread evenly. Sprinkle with remaining streusel, pressing down lightly so it sticks to batter.
Bake 50 to 60 minutes or until a pick inserted in cake comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 15 minutes. Place cookie sheet over pan and carefully invert both. Remove pan and cool completely. To serve, invert onto serving plate.


3  firm-ripe red Bartlett pears
1½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
½ c. vegetable oil
1 stick butter or margarine
2 tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
½ c. dried pears
4 c. all-purpose flour
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease three 7 1/2- by 3 1/2- by 2 1/4-inch loaf pans (3 1/2-cup capacity).
Halve and core pears. Set aside 1 pear half. Dice remaining pears.
In a large bowl with electric mixer, beat 1 1/2 cups of the sugar, the oil, butter, lemon peel, vanilla, baking powder, baking soda, and salt until blended. Beat in eggs one at a time. Beat 1 minute longer. With a wooden spoon, stir in chopped fresh and dried pears, then the flour until blended (batter will be thick).
Divide among prepared pans, spreading evenly. Thinly slice remaining pear half into 12 slices. Place 4 slices on batter in each pan. Sprinkle slices with remaining tablespoon sugar.
Bake 1 hour or until a pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire rack 15 minutes. Remove from pans and cool completely. Store airtight. Store: Room temp, 4 days; freezer, 6 months. These are best two to three days after baking.


.67 c. packed light or dark-brown sugar
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
.13 tsp. grated or ground nutmeg
3 lb. Golden Delicious or Granny Smith apples
1 tbsp. lemon juice
1 large egg
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 c. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ c. solid vegetable shortening
3 tbsp. butter or margarine (not spread)
6 tbsp. ice cold water
Place oven rack in lowest position. Heat oven to 425 degrees F.
Roll out half the dough on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin into a 12-inch circle. Line a 9-inch pie pan with dough.
Filling:
Roll out remaining dough into a 12-inch circle. Place over filling. Press edges together and roll up to form a rim. Flute or crimp edges to seal.
Brush pie with egg, then sprinkle with sugar. Cut small slits in top crust for steam to escape.
Bake 20 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F and bake 20 to 25 minutes more, or until crust is golden brown and fruit is tender when pierced through a slit. (If top crust browns too quickly, drape a piece of foil loosely over the pie.)
To make dough in a food processor: Process flour, sugar, vegetable shortening, and butter with on/off turns until coarse crumbs form. With motor running, add water. Process just until dough leaves sides of bowl. Remove blade, then dough. By hand: Mix flour and sugar in a medium-size bowl. With pastry blender or 2 knives, cut in shortening and butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle with water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring with a fork after each addition until mixture clumps together.
Divide dough in half. Press each half into a ball, then flatten into 1-inch-thick rounds.
If using immediately, wrap half in plastic wrap or waxed paper to prevent drying while working with the other half. If not using immediately, wrap individually and refrigerate up to 3 days or freeze up to 3 months and thaw in refrigerator.


2 stick butter or margarine (not spread)
1¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. baking soda
1 large egg
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ c. semisweet chocolate mini-chips
½ c. walnuts, finely chopped
Beat butter, sugar, and baking soda in a large bowl with an electric mixer until fluffy. Beat in egg. With mixer on low speed, beat in flour and cocoa, half at a time, until blended. Stir in chocolate chips. Divide dough in half. Roll each half on a lightly floured surface into 7-inch log. Roll in nuts until logs are 10 inches long. Wrap each in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 4 hours until firm, or up to 1 week.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Cut logs in 1/2-inch slices. Place 1 inch apart on greased cookie sheet(s). Bake 8 to 10 minutes just until set and tops look dry. Let cool a few minutes before removing to racks to cool. Store airtight. Room temp, 2 weeks; refrigerator, 1 month; freezer, 6 months.


3 c. low-fat granola without raisins
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
4 tbsp. stick butter or margarine (not spread)
4½ lb. firm, ripe pears, preferably Bosc
3 tbsp. sugar
3 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
½ tsp. ground ginger
Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Have a 13- by 9-inch baking dish ready.
Put Topping ingredients in a medium-size bowl. Stir with a fork until blended.
Mix Filling ingredients in baking dish and stir to mix well. Spread evenly, then sprinkle with Topping.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes until fruit is tender and topping is crisp and lightly browned.


6  apples
2 tbsp. butter or margarine
¼ tsp. salt
.13 tsp. ground ginger
.13 tsp. ground red pepper (cayenne)
Brush cut surfaces of apples with half the butter. Sprinkle with salt, ginger, and pepper.
Place apples cut side down on grill. Grill covered, turning once, until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Brush with remaining butter. Serve, hot, warm or at room temperature. If grilling the turkey on a gas grill, place the apples on the heated side. If using a charcoal grill, place them where convenient and check often to prevent scorching. The apples can also be broiled ahead of time and served at room temperature.


6 medium Granny Smith apples
¼ c. apple juice
¼ c. packed light-brown sugar
⅓ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. lemon juice
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. nutmeg
5  sheets phyllo (filo) pastry
1 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
nonstick cooking spray
Garnish: leaf cutouts (directions follow)
To make leaves: Brush 1 sheet phyllo with melted butter. Fold in quarters.Cut out leaves using a cookie cutter or tree leaf as a guide.
Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Have ready a 9-inch pie plate.
Quarter, peel, and core apples. Cut quarters crosswise in 1/2-inch-thick slices. Put apples and remaining Filling ingredients in a heavy saucepan.
Cover and cook 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until apples are tender. Spoon into pie plate. Let cool slightly.
Lay 1 sheet phyllo on filling. Dab with melted butter; sprinkle with sugar. Lay second sheet crosswise over first. Dab with butter; sprinkle with sugar. Continue with remaining 3 sheets.
Gather edges of phyllo to make a ruffled edge. Spray edges with cooking spray. Cut slits through phyllo for steam to escape.
Top pie with leaf garnish. Bake 12 minutes or until phyllo is golden brown. Serve warm or at room temperature.


1 tbsp. vegetable oil
1 medium onion
2 c. fresh cranberries
½ tsp. ground allspice
½ tsp. cinnamon
3 strip orange peel
1 jar black currant jelly
1 can crushed pineapple
Heat oil in a medium-size saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and cook, stirring occasionally until soft, about 8 minutes.
Stir in cranberries, allspice, cinnamon, and orange peel. Cook, stirring occasionally, until cranberries pop, about 7 minutes. Add jelly; stir until melted. Stir in pineapple. Serve warm, cold or at room temperature. Make Ahead: The compote can be made up to 1 week ahead. Let cool, then cover and refrigerate.


2 stick butter
2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 tbsp. butter
1 c. confectioners' suger
¼ c. sour cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
10  red and green swirled starlight mint candies (or 5 red and 5 green)
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 13- by 9-inch baking pan with foil, letting foil extend above pan at both ends.
Melt butter in a covered 3-quart microwave-safe bowl on high or in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Add chocolate chips and microwave, stirring every 15 seconds, or cook, stirring occasionally, until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat. Stir in sugar.
Add eggs and vanilla and stir briskly until blended. Stir in flour. Pour into prepared pan and spread evenly.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until a pick inserted in center comes out clean (don't overbake). Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Frosting:
Remove from pan by lifting foil at ends to cutting board. Cut in lengthwise in twelve 1-inch-wide strips. Cut crosswise diagonally into diamonds.


2½ c. thin salted pretzel sticks
⅓ c. sugar
1 stick butter
1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 tbsp. freshly grated lime zest
2 tbsp. fresh lime juice
1½ tbsp. tequila
1½ tbsp. Cointreau or other orange-flavor liqueur
4 drop green food color (optional)
2 drop yellow food color (optional)
1½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
thin pretzel sticks
Lime slice
Lightly coat a 9-inch pie plate with nonstick spray.
Crust:
Meanwhile stir condensed milk, lime zest and juice, tequila, Cointreau, and food color, if using, in a small bowl. Pour cream into a large bowl and beat with mixer on medium-high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Gradually fold in lime mixture until blended. Pour into crust and freeze uncovered 6 hours. Wrap airtight; freeze at least 2 hours more, or up to 3 months.
To serve:


2 stick unsalted butter
.67 c. packed light-brown sugar
.67 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
¾ tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. salt
2⅓ c. all-purpose flour
1¼ c. mini Hershey’s Kisses
1¼ c. M&M;'s mini baking bits
Heat oven to 375°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Beat butter, sugars, and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 1 to 2 minutes until fluffy. Beat in eggs, baking soda, and salt until combined. Add flour and beat on low speed until blended. Stir in mini Hershey's Kisses and M&M;'s mini baking bits.
Drop rounded tablespoons dough about 1 1/2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet(s).
Bake 8 to 9 minutes until edges are golden brown. Cool on sheet 1 to 2 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.


1½ c. hazelnuts
.67 c. butter or margarine (not spread)
2 tsp. butter or margarine (not spred)
6  squares semisweet chocolate chips
2  unsweetened chocolate
.67 c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
3 tbsp. hazelnut liqueur
1 c. heavy whipping cream
1 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease a 9- by 5-inch loaf pan. Line bottom with foil; grease foil.
Spread nuts on a baking sheet. Bake 10 minutes or until toasted and papery skins begin to flake. Turn nuts out onto a towel and rub off skins. Reserve 24 whole hazelnuts for garnish. Coarsely chop remaining nuts.
Meanwhile melt butter and both chocolates in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring often until smooth. Remove pan from heat and let cool until slightly warm.
Fill a baking pan with hot tap water to a depth of 1 inch. Place pan in oven.
Beat sugar and eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer on high speed 12 to 15 minutes, or until very pale, thick and tripled in volume. Reduce mixer speed to low and beat in liqueur. With a rubber spatula, gently stir (fold) in chocolate mixture and chopped nuts until no streaks remain. Pour into prepared loaf pan. Cover tightly with greased foil.
Place loaf pan in center of pan of water in oven. Bake 1 hour and 10 minutes or until cake feels firm (a pick inserted near center will come out moist).
Remove pan from water, uncover and place on a wire rack to cool 30 minutes. (Cake will sink about 1 inch.) Invert pan onto rack, remove pan and foil. Let cool completely. Wrap loaf airtight. Refrigerate at least 8 hours or until completely firm.
Shortly before serving, beat cream, cocoa, sugar, and vanilla in a small bowl with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted.
Unwrap cake and place on a serving plate. Spoon whipped cream into a pastry bag fitted with an open star tip. Pipe sides and top with whipped cream; decorate with raspberries and reserved hazelnuts. Cut in thin slices.
The cooled baked cake can be refrigerated, wrapped airtight, up to two weeks or frozen up to three months. Thaw in the refrigerator.




Crust
24  Oreo cookies
3 tbsp. butter
3  bricks (8 oz each) 1⁄3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
3 large eggs
8 oz.  reduced-fat sour cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 bar  premium whitechocolate
1 bar  milk chocolate
1 bar  semisweet baking chocolate
Heat oven to 300°F. Line a 9-in. square baking pan with foil, letting foil extend above pan on opposite sides. Coat with nonstick spray.
Crust: Break cookies into food processor; pulse until fine crumbs form. Add butter; pulse to blend. Press firmly over bottom of pan. Freeze until firm.
Beat cream cheese, sugar and cornstarch in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. On low speed, beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended. Stir in sour cream and vanilla. Divide batter into 3 equal portions (about 13⁄4 cups each). Melt each flavor chocolate as inside of wrapper directs. Stir 1 flavor into each portion of batter. Spoon 2 Tbsp white chocolate batter into a ziptop bag, seal and set aside.
Pour milk chocolate batter over crust; spread evenly. Spoon on white chocolate batter; gently spread to cover milk chocolate layer. Repeat with semisweet batter. Cut tip off 1 corner of bag; pipe on white chocolate swirls.
Bake 45 minutes, or until center still jiggles slightly when shaken. Immediately transfer to a wire rack and refrigerate at least 3 hours.
Holding foil, lift cake to cutting board. Cut in 4 rows down, 8 across.


1½ c. uncooked old-fashioned or quick-cooking oats
½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
¼ tsp. baking soda
.13 tsp. salt
¾ stick unsalted butter or margarine
1½ c. blueberries
3 tbsp. sugar
2 tsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. lemon juice
Heat oven to 350°F. Line an 8-inch square baking pan with foil, letting ends extend above pan on 2 sides.
Crust:
Filling:
Crumble reserved crumb mixture over top. Bake 30 minutes until top is well browned and filling is bubbly. Let cool completely in pan.
Lift foil by ends onto a cutting board. Peel off foil; cut in 2-inch squares.


1½ c. unsalted dry-roasted peanuts
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. unsweetened cocoa
¼ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
6 large eggs
½ c. packed dark brown sugar
12 oz. semisweet chocolate (50 percent to 60 percent cacao)
1 c. heavy or whipping cream
1½ tbsp. butter or margarine
½ c. creamy peanut butter
2 tbsp. creamy peanut butter
½ tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease 18- by 12-inch jelly-roll pan. Line with parchment paper, with overhang on 2 sides; grease parchment.
In food processor, pulse peanuts and 1/4 cup granulated sugar until finely chopped. Remove 1/2 cup peanuts; set aside. Continue pulsing remaining peanuts until finely ground. Add cocoa, flour, and 1/4 teaspoon salt; pulse until just blended.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium-high speed, beat eggs, brown sugar, and remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar until mixture is tripled in volume and very thick and pale, and batter forms soft peaks when beaters are lifted. Gently fold in cocoa mixture, being careful not to deflate eggs.
Gently spread batter in even layer in prepared pan. Bake 17 to 19 minutes or until center springs back when lightly pressed. Using parchment overhang, quickly and carefully slide cake off pan and onto wire rack to cool completely.
While cake cools, place chocolate in heatproof medium bowl. In 2-quart saucepan, heat cream on medium until bubbles form around edge. Pour over chocolate. Let stand 1 minute, then stir until smooth. Transfer 1 tablespoon mixture to small resealable plastic bag.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat butter, 1/2 cup peanut butter, and pinch salt until smooth and creamy. With mixer running, gradually add melted-chocolate mixture and then vanilla. Beat until blended. Refrigerate mixture 5 minutes or until consistency of frosting.
Lightly dust top of cake with cocoa. Invert cake onto large cutting board lined with waxed paper; discard parchment. Cut cake to form four 4-inch-wide rectangles. Place 1 rectangle on serving platter. Spread one-quarter frosting evenly over cake, sprinkle with one-third reserved chopped peanuts, and top with another rectangle; repeat twice. Spread remaining frosting all over cake.
Place remaining tablespoons peanut butter in small resealable plastic bag. Microwave on high 10 seconds or until runny. Snip small hole in corner and pipe decorative pattern over cake. Snip small hole in corner of bag with reserved chocolate mixture. Decorate with chocolate. Let stand at least 1 hour and up to 2 hours, or refrigerate up to 2 days. Bring cake to room temperature before serving.


unsweetened cocoa
9 oz. bittersweet chocolate (60 percent to 70 percent cacao)
3 oz. unsweetened chocolate
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 c. butter or margarine
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
8 large eggs
½ c. all-purpose flour
1 pt. raspberries
12 oz. cream cheese
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease three 9-inch round cake pans. Line bottoms with parchment paper; grease paper. Lightly dust with cocoa, tapping out excess.
Fill 4-quart saucepan with water to depth of 2 inches. Heat to simmering. In large heatproof bowl, combine chocolates, vanilla, salt, 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar, and 10 tablespoons butter. Set over simmering water. Gently stir occasionally until chocolates and butter melt. Remove from heat. While stirring, add egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Gently fold in flour just until incorporated.
In another large bowl, with mixer on medium-high speed, beat egg whites until frothy. Gradually add remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks form. Gently fold egg whites into chocolate mixture one-third at a time just until incorporated. Divide batter among prepared pans.
Bake 15 minutes or until cakes are set and toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Invert onto racks; remove pans. Discard parchment paper; cool completely.
Place 1/2 cup raspberries in fine-mesh sieve set over small bowl. With wooden spoon, mash raspberries to extract 2 tablespoons juice; discard solids. In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat cream cheese and remaining 12 tablespoons butter until smooth and fluffy. Beat in confectioners' sugar, then raspberry juice, until blended. If thin and runny, refrigerate 5 minutes to achieve frosting consistency. Transfer to piping bag fitted with 1/2-inch plain tip.
Place 1 cake layer on cake stand. Decoratively pipe on one-third of frosting. Top with another cake layer. Repeat, piping remaining frosting on final layer. Decorate top of cake with raspberries and serve with any remaining raspberries. Refrigerate up to 1 day. Bring to room temperature before serving.


4 large egg whites
1½ c. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
3 c. finely shredded unsweetened coconut
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. unsweetened cocoa
½ tsp. vanilla extract
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate (60 percent to 70 percent cacao)
2 oz. white chocolate
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper.
In heavy 3-quart saucepan, combine egg whites, sugar, and salt. Heat on medium until warm to the touch, stirring. Stir in coconut, flour, cocoa, and vanilla. Continue stirring 4 minutes or until gently sizzling. Remove from heat. Stir in 1/3 cup bittersweet chocolate until melted. With cookie scoop or measuring tablespoon, scoop mixture into balls and place on prepared cookie sheets, spacing 1 inch apart.
Bake 15 minutes or until set and crisp around edges. Cool completely on cookie sheets on wire rack. Store macaroons in airtight container at room temperature up to 1 day or in freezer up to 2 weeks.
In microwave-safe medium bowl, microwave remaining chocolate on high in 30-second increments until melted and smooth, stirring frequently. Dip tops of macaroons in chocolate to coat. Let harden on wire racks. Decorate with white chocolate if desired.


24  chocolate wafer cookies
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 c. sugar
3 tbsp. sugar
⅓ c. cornstarch
¼ tsp. salt
3½ c. milk
4 large egg yolks
3 oz. unsweetened chocolate
1 tbsp. dark rum (optional)
1 c. heavy or whipping cream
Semisweet chocolate curls
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
In food processor, pulse wafers into very fine crumbs. (You should have 1 1/4 cups.) In medium bowl, melt 4 tablespoons butter; add crumbs and 1 tablespoon sugar. Stir until moistened. Firmly press mixture into bottom and up side of 9-inch pie plate.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until set. Cool on wire rack.
In heavy 3-quart saucepan, whisk cornstarch, salt, and 1 cup sugar. While whisking, gradually add milk. Cook on medium-high 7 to 8 minutes or until boiling and thickened, whisking constantly. Remove from heat.
In large bowl, whisk egg yolks until blended. Whisk in hot milk mixture in steady stream. Return mixture to saucepan and cook on medium 4 to 6 minutes or until mixture boils and thickens, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and add chocolate. Stir until melted, then stir in remaining 2 tablespoons butter until melted. Stir in rum, if using.
Pour mixture into cooled pie crust and spread evenly. Press sheet of plastic wrap directly against surface. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or up to overnight, or until cold and stiff.
When ready to serve, beat cream until thickened. While beating, gradually add remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Beat until soft peaks form. Dollop over pie. Garnish with chocolate curls if desired.


½ c. roasted salted almonds
¾ c. butter (no substitutions)
½ c. confectioners' sugar
¼ tsp. salt
1 large egg yolk
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. heavy or whipping cream
1 lb. highest-quality bittersweet chocolate (60 percent to 70 percent cacao)
Flaky sea salt
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In food processor, pulse almonds until finely ground. Transfer to bowl. In same processor (do not clean), pulse 6 tablespoons butter until creamy. With rubber spatula, scrape bottom and side of bowl, then add confectioners' sugar and salt and pulse until smooth. Scrape bowl, then add egg yolk and vanilla and pulse until smooth. Scrape bowl, then add flour and ground almonds and pulse until mixture forms fine crumbs. Pour mixture into 11-inch tart pan with removable bottom.
With fingers, firmly press crumb mixture into bottom and up side of pan to form even crust. Freeze 10 minutes or until firm.
Bake crust 25 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely on wire rack.
In 3-quart saucepan, heat cream to bubbling on medium. Remove from heat. Add chocolate and let stand 1 minute. With rubber spatula, stir gently until smooth. Add remaining butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, gently stirring after each addition until blended. Pour mixture into cooled crust. Gently shake tart pan to create smooth, even top.
Refrigerate 30 minutes to set, then let stand at room temperature until ready to serve, up to 6 hours. Garnish with sea salt if desired.


4 oz. bittersweet chocolate
3 large egg yolks
2 large eggs
¼ c. packed dark brown sugar
1 pinch salt
1¾ c. whole milk
1 c. heavy cream
¼ c. brewed espresso
2 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. instant espresso powder
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Heat kettle of water to boiling; remove from heat.
Place chocolate in small heatproof bowl. In large bowl, whisk egg yolks, eggs, brown sugar, and salt until blended. In 3-quart saucepan, heat milk and 1/2 cup cream on medium until bubbling. Pour enough over chocolate to cover; let stand. Slowly whisk remaining hot milk into egg mixture. Gently whisk chocolate mixture until smooth; pour into milk-egg mixture, while whisking, until smooth. Whisk in brewed espresso and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Skim off and discard any bubbles or foam on surface of mixture.
Divide among 4-ounce ramekins or ovenproof cups; place in roasting pan, and put in oven.
Pour enough water from kettle into roasting pan to come halfway up sides of ramekins. Cover pan loosely with foil. Bake custards 25 to 30 minutes, until knife inserted halfway between edge and center of custard comes out clean.
Remove foil. Cool ramekins in pan on wire rack until warm; transfer to wire rack to cool. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate 3 hours, or up to 3 days.
When ready to serve, in small bowl, stir espresso powder into remaining teaspoon vanilla until dissolved. In large bowl, beat remaining 1/2 cup cream until thickened. Add granulated sugar and beat until soft peaks form. Fold in vanilla mixture. Dollop on top of custards and serve.


1½ c. wine
¼ c. brown sugar
1 stick cinnamon
12  dried figs
Ice cream
In 2-quart saucepan, heat wine, brown sugar, and cinnamon stick to boiling on high.
Add dried figs. Reduce heat; simmer, covered, 15 minutes or until tender.
Transfer figs to bowl. Increase heat to medium-high; cook until syrupy. Discard cinnamon.
Serve figs and syrup with ice cream.


2 c. all-purpose flour
.67 c. unsweetened cocoa
1 tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
2  ripe bananas
⅓ c. sour cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 c. sugar
1 large egg
1⅓ c. marshmallow creme
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper.
In medium bowl, whisk flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt. From bananas, mash enough for 1/2 cup; finely chop remaining, and reserve. In another medium bowl, mix mashed banana, sour cream, and vanilla.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium-high speed, beat butter and sugar until well combined. Beat in egg until well blended, scraping bowl occasionally. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture alternately with sour cream mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture; beat just until batter is smooth, scraping bowl occasionally.
Drop 1 rounded measuring teaspoon batter onto prepared sheet. Repeat with remaining batter, spacing 2 inches apart. With wet fingertips, flatten tops of balls to form rounds.
Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until centers spring back when lightly pressed, rotating sheets between upper and lower racks halfway through baking. Cool completely on sheets on wire racks.
Turn half of cookies flat side up. Top each with 1 tablespoon marshmallow creme. Divide reserved chopped banana among centers of creme topping, then add remaining cookies sandwich-style.


1 loaf egg bread
3 c. whole milk
1¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 pinch cayenne (ground red) pepper
1 pinch salt
½ c. heavy or whipping cream
4 oz. unsweetened chocolate
7 large eggs
6 oz. semisweet chocolate chips or chunks
Dulce de leche or vanilla ice cream
dulce de leche
Grease shallow 3-quart baking dish.
Cut bread into 3/4-inch-thick slices. Toast lightly until golden brown. Cool completely, then cut each slice in half diagonally.
In 3-quart saucepan, whisk milk, sugar, cinnamon, cayenne, salt, and cream to blend. Heat on medium until bubbles form around edge. Add unsweetened chocolate and whisk until melted. In large bowl, whisk eggs until blended. Continue whisking while adding hot chocolate mixture in slow, steady stream.
In prepared dish, decoratively arrange slices of toast in overlapping layers to cover dish evenly. Scatter chocolate chips over slices of toast, then pour chocolate mixture evenly over all. Cover with plastic wrap. If toast slices are not coated with chocolate mixture, gently press down to coat with mixture. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 1 day.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Uncover bread pudding and bake 45 minutes to 1 hour or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Let cool on wire rack at least 15 minutes.
Cut bread pudding into squares. Serve with ice cream or drizzle with dulce de leche if desired.


6 oz. bittersweet chocolate (60 percent to 70 percent cacao)
2 oz. unsweetened chocolate
6 tbsp. butter
½ tsp. salt
1½ c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
3 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. unsweetened cocoa
1½ c. roasted, salted chopped almonds
½ c. water
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
⅓ c. heavy cream
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 8- by 8-inch baking pan. Line with foil; grease foil.
In 4-quart saucepan, combine chocolates, 4 tablespoons butter, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Melt on medium-low 4 minutes or until smooth, stirring. Remove from heat; stir in 3/4 cup sugar and vanilla. Stir in eggs, 1 at a time, until well blended.
Into same pan, sift cornstarch and cocoa; fold to incorporate. Stir batter vigorously for at least 1 minute or until batter thickens slightly and begins to pull away from sides of pan. Fold in 1 cup chopped nuts. Spread evenly into prepared baking pan. Bake 25 to 27 minutes or until toothpick inserted 2 inches from edge comes out almost clean. Cool in pan on wire rack.
While brownie cools, in 4-quart saucepan, stir remaining 3/4 cup sugar, water, corn syrup, and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cook on medium-high 9 to 12 minutes or until sugar dissolves and mixture is amber, swirling occasionally to get even color. Working quickly, remove from heat and add cream. Once bubbling begins to subside, stir in remaining 2 tablespoons butter until incorporated. Stir in remaining chopped nuts.
Pour caramel over cooled brownie, tilting pan to spread evenly. Let stand at least 2 hours or until caramel has set. Cut into 1-inch squares. Store brownies in airtight container, layered with waxed paper, at room temperature up to 2 days.


¾ c. hazelnuts (filberts)
1 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. unsweetened cocoa
½ c. butter or margarine
1 tbsp. butter or margarine
½ c. confectioners' sugar
¼ tsp. salt
1 large egg
2 oz. bittersweet chocolate (60 percent to 70 percent cacao)
8 oz. milk chocolate
½ c. chocolate-hazelnut spread
1 c. crisped-rice cereal
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Place hazelnuts in jelly-roll pan. Bake 10 to 15 minutes or until toasted and fragrant, shaking pan occasionally. Remove pan from oven. Wrap hot hazelnuts in clean cloth towel; with hands, roll hazelnuts back and forth until as much skin as possible rubs off. Cool nuts completely. Very finely chop 1/2 cup nuts; chop remaining 1/4 cup nuts. Set aside separately.
In medium bowl, whisk flour and cocoa. In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat 1/2 cup butter until very soft. Beat in confectioners' sugar and 1/8 teaspoon salt until well blended. Beat in egg until well blended, scraping bowl occasionally. Reduce speed to low. Gradually add flour mixture, then very finely chopped nuts just until blended. Form dough into 1-inch-thick disk and tightly wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate 30 minutes or until firm, or up to 3 days.
On lightly floured surface, with lightly floured rolling pin, roll dough to 1/8 inch thick. With floured 2- to 3-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut dough into as many cookies as possible; wrap and refrigerate trimmings. Place cookies, 1 inch apart, on prepared sheets.
Bake cookies 12 minutes or until set. Transfer cookies to wire rack to cool. Repeat with trimmings. Cookies can be stored in airtight container up to 1 day.
On large sheet of waxed paper, use same cookie cutter as a stencil to draw 24 hearts with pencil. Turn paper over and tape to large white cutting board or flat platter.
Transfer melted bittersweet chocolate to small resealable plastic bag. Snip small hole in one corner and pipe chocolate to trace outlines of hearts on waxed paper. Refrigerate 10 minutes or until firm.
Reserve 2 tablespoons melted milk chocolate in medium bowl. Transfer remaining to small resealable plastic bag. Snip large hole in one corner. Fill in outlines of hearts with thin, even layer of chocolate, using small metal (offset) spatula to spread if needed. Refrigerate 10 minutes or until firm. Hearts and reserved milk chocolate can be covered and refrigerated up to 3 days.
If making ahead, melt reserved milk chocolate again. Stir in chocolate-hazelnut spread, reserved nuts, remaining 1 tablespoon butter, and 1/8 teaspoon salt until smooth. Gently fold in cereal until well coated.
Divide cereal mixture among cookies and spread into even layer. Top each with hardened chocolate heart, smooth side up, and decorate with additional chocolate if desired.


1½ stick  unsalted butter or margarine (not spread)
½ c. confectioners' sugar
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
1⅓ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
Beat butter, confectioners' sugar and vanilla in a large bowl with electric mixer until pale and fluffy. With mixer on low speed, beat in flour just until blended.
Shape dough into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap and chill at least 4 hours or until firm enough to roll.
Heat oven to 325°F. Have ungreased cookie sheet(s) ready.
On a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin, roll the dough to 3/8-inch thickness. Cut with 1 1/2-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter. Place 1 inch apart on ungreased cookie sheet(s). Sprinkle with granulated sugar. Reroll scraps.
Bake 11 to 13 minutes until set but not browned.
Remove to a wire rack to cool completely. Store airtight.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. solid vegetable shortening
3 tbsp. cold butter or margarine
2 tbsp. cold water
1 c. sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
Yolks from 4 large eggs
1 tbsp. freshly grated lime peel
½ c. fresh lime juice
1⅓  water
2 tbsp. butter or margarine
3 tbsp. cold water
2 tsp. unflavored gelatin
1 can cream of coconut (not coconut milk)
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. heavy (whipping) cream
Strips of lime peel
Heat oven to 425°F. Have a 9-inch pie plate ready.
To make pastry in food processor: Process flour, shortening and butter with short pulses until coarse crumbs form. Add 3 tablespoons water; process with short pulses just until water is blended. Remove blade, then dough. Press together with hands or a rubber spatula.By hand: Put flour in a medium bowl. Cut in shortening and butter with a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Drizzle on water, 1 tablespoon at a time, tossing mixture with a fork until dough clumps together.
Gather dough into a ball, then press into a disk. Wrap and refrigerate about 1 hour until firm enough to roll.
Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin to a 13-inch circle. Line pie plate with dough. Fold edge under to form a rim. Crimp or flute rim. Prick bottom and sides of shell with a fork at 1-inch intervals. Chill in freezer about 10 minutes until dough is very firm.
Line chilled pastry with foil and weight with dried beans or pie weights (see Cooking Lesson, page 150). Bake 15 minutes or until pastry is just set. Carefully lift foil with beans and remove. Bake pastry 8 to 12 minutes longer until crust is golden brown. Remove to a wire rack. Pour beans into a container, cover tightly and save for future pies (do not use in cooking).
Lime Filling: Whisk sugar and cornstarch in a medium saucepan. Whisk in egg yolks and lime juice until smooth. Stir in water and continue stirring over medium heat until mixture comes to a full boil, 5 to 8 minutes. Boil about 1 minute, stirring constantly, until filling is translucent and thick. Remove from heat. Add lime peel and butter; stir until butter melts. Pour hot filling into pie shell. Refrigerate 45 minutes to 1 hour until cooled
Coconut Cream Topping: Put water in a 2-quart saucepan. Sprinkle on gelatin and let stand 2 minutes to soften. Stir over medium heat with a rubber spatula 1 to 2 minutes until gelatin dissolves, liquid is clear, and no granules are visible. Stir in cream of coconut and vanilla.
Beat heavy cream in a medium bowl with electric mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted.
Set pan of topping mixture in a larger bowl of ice. Stir with spatula, reaching in corners and scraping bottom of pan. Mixture will gel as it cools, about 3 minutes. When thick enough to mound when dropped from the spatula, remove from ice.
Whisk 1/2 cup beaten cream into topping mixture until smooth. With rubber spatula, fold in remaining whipped cream. (If necessary, return bowl to ice bath and continue gently folding until mixture is spreadable, but not firm.
Spoon topping on cooled filling, then spread to cover, swirling topping decoratively. Refrigerate at least 2 hours or until firm enough to cut. Keeps up to 3 days, refrigerated.
To serve, garnish with lime peel. The pie can be made up to 3 days ahead.


1 box  white cake mix
1 c. apple juice from frozen concentrate (save 1 1/2 Tbsp of the concentrate, undiluted,  for icing)
¼ c. unsweetened applesauce
1  Golden Delicious apple
1 large egg
2 large egg whites
1 package 1/3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchatel)
1½ tbsp. frozen apple juice concentrate
1 box confectioners' sugar
Heat oven to 350ºF. You'll need 24 muffin cups lined with paper or foil cups.
Make Cupcakes: Combine cupcake ingredients in a large bowl. Beat with a mixer on low speed until ingredients are moistened. Increase speed to medium and beat 2 minutes, until batter is smooth.
Fill muffin cups with a scant 1/4 cup batter. Bake 22 minutes or until a pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pan on rack.
Make Frosting: Beat cream cheese and apple juice concentrate with a mixer just until smooth. Beat in confectioners' sugar on low speed to mix; increase speed to medium and beat until well blended, about 1 minute more (icing will be soft).
Divide frosting into thirds. Tint each to desired shade with brown, green and yellow food colors. Spread frosting on cupcakes. Store cupcakes in refrigerator.
For Apples: Tint pieces of marzipan brown, green and yellow. Form the green and yellow marzipan into apple shapes. Form brown into apple stems; press into tops of apples. For red blush on yellow apples, dilute red food color with water. Apply with a small, clean artist's brush; let dry.
For Acorns: Tint pieces of marzipan light and dark brown. Form dark brown marzipan into acorn shapes, and light brown into caps and stems. Use the back of a small knife to make cross-hatching on caps.
For Leaves: Work brown, green and yellow food colors into chunks of marzipan. Roll out between sheets of wax paper to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut leaf shapes with small leaf cookie cutters. Use back of a small knife to mark leaf veins.


½ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. European-style unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tbsp. powdered instant espresso coffee
2 tsp. powdered instant espresso coffee
¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter or margarine
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
¾ c. pecans or walnuts
½ stick unsalted butter or margarine
¾ c. semisweet chocolate chips
⅓ c. milk
½ tsp. vanilla extract
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease a 13 x 9-inch baking pan.
Mix flour, cocoa powder, espresso powder, baking powder and salt.
Heat butter in a medium saucepan over low heat until melted. Remove from heat. Stir in brown sugar and vanilla with a wooden spoon. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each.
Stir in flour mixture and nuts until blended. Spread batter evenly in prepared pan.
Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until edges pull away from sides of pan. Cool on wire rack.
Frosting: Melt butter and chocolate chips in a small saucepan over low heat. (Or microwave in a bowl on high, 1 to 1 1/2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds.) Stir in milk, vanilla and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Refrigerate until cold, about 45 minutes. When cold, beat with a whisk until pale and stiff.
Spread Frosting on cooled bars. Let set about 1 hour before cutting in bars.


¼ c. sliced almonds
1 tbsp. butter or margarine
2 large McIntosh apples
2 tbsp. packed light-brown sugar
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 pinch ground nutmeg
1 pinch ground cloves
¼ c. apple juice
Toast almonds in a nonstick medium skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden. Remove to a small bowl.
Heat butter in same skillet. Add remaining ingredients and cook over medium heat, stirring often, 3 to 4 minutes until apples are tender. Stir in apple juice and bring to a boil.
Remove skillet from heat and let cool slightly. Just before serving, stir in toasted almonds.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
2 c. sugar
1 tsp. freshly grated orange peel
½ tsp. salt
1½ stick cold unsalted butter (no substitutions)
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. jam (apricot, strawberry, raspberry cherry or marmalade)
confectioners’ sugar
Grease a 13 x 9-inch baking pan.
Put flour, sugar, orange peel and salt in food processor. Pulse to mix. With processor running, add butter through feed tube, a few pieces at a time, until mixture is crumbly.
Beat eggs and vanilla with a fork until blended. With processor running, add eggs in a steady stream. Process until mixture forms a dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and shape into a disc. Cut in half.
Using a rolling pin, roll out half the dough between 2 sheets of waxed paper to a 13 x 9-inch rectangle. Invert dough over prepared pan and peel off paper. Using a small paring knife, trim dough to cover bottom of pan evenly. Patch any tears by pressing dough with floured fingertips. Refrigerate until ready to bake. Add trimmings to remaining dough.
Roll out remaining dough between 2 sheets of waxed paper to a strip at least 13 inches long and at least 5 inches wide. Slide dough onto a baking sheet and freeze 30 minutes or until dough is very cold.
Heat oven to 350°F.
Just before assembling, remove pan with bottom crust from refrigerator and spread it with a thin layer of jam. Remove pastry from freezer; lift off top sheet of waxed paper. Working quickly since dough softens, cut dough into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Peel strips off waxed paper, one at a time, and carefully arrange 5 strips lengthwise over jam, spacing them about 1 1/2 inches apart. Trim edges to fit. Lay remaining strips about 1 inch apart to form a diamond pattern. Cut ends to fit pan.
Bake 30 minutes or until edges are golden. Cool on a wire rack. Place confectioners' sugar in a small strainer and shake to dust surface. Cut in bars.Be creative when you cut the bars so that each one shows off a strip or two of pretty "lattice."


½ c. sugar
½ c. water
2 tsp. anise seeds
4  ripe black plums
2 c. seedless green grapes
Bring sugar, water and anise seeds to a boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat and let stand about 30 minutes to steep and cool.
Put plums and grapes in serving bowl. Pour syrup through a fine strainer over fruit. Discard anise seeds. Stir fruit gently to mix and coat. Serve or refrigerate up to 1 day.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1½ stick unsalted butter or margarine
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. sugar
2 large eggs
1 c. low-fat buttermilk
1  square unsweetened chocolate
Milk-Chocolate Frosting (recipe follows)
Multicolored confetti sprinkles
White tube icing
Heat oven to 350°F. Line bottom of two 9-inch-round cake pans with waxed paper. Grease paper.
Mix flour, baking soda and salt.
Beat butter and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Gradually add sugar and continue beating 2 minutes. Add eggs, beating until blended after each.
Reduce mixer speed to low. Beat in flour mixture in 3 additions alternately with the buttermilk until well blended, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Batter will be very thick.
Remove 1 1/2 cups batter to a bowl. Stir in the melted chocolate. Drop large dollops remaining vanilla batter into prepared pans, leaving spaces between spoonfuls. Spoon chocolate batter between vanilla batter. Run a knife through the batter a few times for a marbleized effect. (No need to smooth tops since the batter spreads as it bakes.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes, then invert on rack, peel off waxed paper and cool completely.
Up to 8 hours before serving: Place 1 cake layer upside down on a serving platter. Spread 1/2 cup frosting over top. Top with remaining cake layer, right side up. Remove 1/2 cup frosting for decoration; spread remaining over top and sides of cake. Pipe rosettes of reserved frosting on cake using a pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Decorate with sprinkles. Write birthday message using white tube frosting. Refrigerate until 20 minutes before cutting and serving.MILK-CHOCOLATE FROSTINGBring 1 cup heavy cream


6 oz. white baking chocolate
1 box  white cake mix
3 large eggs
1 tub  reduced-fat sour cream
⅓ c. oil
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. sweetened shredded coconut
1 c. macadamia nuts
4 oz. white baking chocolate
2 package 1/3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
½ stick butter
1½ c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Dot decoration: 3 Tbsp confectioners’ sugar and red liquid food color
Garnish: 1⁄2 pt (6 oz) fresh raspberries
Heat oven to 325°F. Coat an 8-in. square and an 8-in. round cake pan with nonstick spray. Line bottoms with wax paper; spray paper.
Make Cake: Melt chocolate in 1⁄4 cup water in a heavy 1-qt saucepan over low heat, stirring until smooth. Remove from heat.
In a large bowl with mixer on low speed, beat cake mix, eggs, sour cream, oil, vanilla and chocolate mixture 1 minute to blend. Increase mixer speed to medium; beat 2 minutes. Stir in coconut and nuts until combined. Divide between cake pans; spread evenly.
Bake 40 to 45 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 15 minutes. Invert on rack, remove wax paper and cool completely.
Make Cream Cheese Frosting: Melt white chocolate as package directs. Scrape into a large bowl; add cream cheese and butter. Beat with mixer on medium-high speed until fluffy. On low speed beat in sugar and vanilla just until smooth.
To decorate: Put confectioners' sugar in a small bowl. Tint red with food color. Stir in water, a drop at a time, until mixture is thin enough to drip from a toothpick. Drip dots at random on top of cake to about 1 in. from edge. Refrigerate cake at least 1 hour to set frosting.
To garnish: Place raspberries around top edge of cake.


1½ c. milk
3 large eggs
1 tbsp. freshly grated tangerine peel
⅓ c. fresh tangerine juice
2 tbsp. unsalted butter or margarine
.67 c. sugar
½ c. all-purpose flour
Candied citrus peel (see note)
Heat oven to 325°F. Have ready eight 6-ounce ramekins or custard cups and a baking dish large enough to hold ramekins.
Heat milk until hot. Lightly whisk yolks to blend, then gradually whisk in hot milk. Stir in tangerine peel and juice and butter. Stir sugar and flour in a small bowl until blended. Whisk into milk mixture just until smooth.
Beat egg whites with an electric mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold with a rubber spatula into tangerine mixture. Ladle into ramekins.
Place ramekins in baking dish. Add hot tap water to baking dish to come about halfway up sides of ramekins.
Bake 25 minutes or until puddings are firm to the touch and golden. Remove from water to a rack to cool.  Serve with candied peel.
Candying Citrus Peel: Using a small sharp knife, score peel in quarters or eighths. Remove peel. Cut in strips if desired. (Peel can also be removed with a vegetable peeler.)
When you have 2 cups peel, put peel in saucepan, cover with cold water and bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer 8 minutes. Drain; repeat cooking twice. Wash saucepan.
Bring 1 cup sugar and 1/2 cup water to boil in pan, stirring twice. When sugar is dissolved, add peel. Simmer over low heat 15 minutes or until syrup is absorbed.
Using tongs, remove peel to a rack, or roll first in sugar or nuts. Let dry on a wire rack at least 4 hours or overnight. Store airtight; peel (without nuts) keeps indefinitely in a cool place.


1 c. hazelnuts
1½  bricks light cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
½ c. sugar
1 large egg
3 tbsp. hazelnut liqueur (such as Frangelico)
.67 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. baking powder
4 large eggs
1 tbsp. instant-coffee granules
¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
Chocolate-candy twigs
hazelnuts
raspberries
mint leaves
Chocolate leaves
Lightly sweetened whipped cream
Heat oven to 375°F.
Spread hazelnuts in a 15 1/2 x 10 1/2-inch jelly-roll pan. Bake 8 to 10 minutes until they smell toasted. Let cool slightly, then wrap in a clean kitchen towel and rub off any loosened papery skins. Pick out the nuts and chop finely with knife or in food processor.
Lightly grease the jelly-roll pan. Line with waxed paper and grease paper.
Filling: Beat cream cheese and sugar with an electric mixer until smooth. Beat in egg and liqueur until blended. Stir in hazelnuts. Spread evenly in lined pan.
Cake: Mix flour, 2 tablespoons cocoa and the baking powder. Put eggs and coffee granules in a large bowl. Beat with electric mixer on high speed, gradually adding sugar, 8 to 10 minutes, until thick and at least doubled in volume. Beat in vanilla. Sprinkle with flour mixture. Gently stir (fold) until just blended. Spread evenly over filling in pan.
Bake 20 minutes or until cake springs back when touched in center.
While cake bakes, spread a clean kitchen towel (not paper or terry cloth) on countertop. Sift remaining 2 tablespoons cocoa through a small strainer over towel, covering an area the size of the cake.
Invert hot cake on towel. Remove pan and carefully peel off paper. Starting at a narrow end, neatly roll up cake, using towel as an aid. Cool completely on a wire rack. Wrap and refrigerate up to 1 week or until ready to serve.
To serve: Arrange twigs, leaves, berries and nuts on roll. Top each serving with a dollop of whipped cream.


¾ c. sugar
¼ c. buttermilk baking mix
4 c. bite-size pieces fresh pineapple
1 tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
1 large egg
.67 c. sugar
½ stick butter or margarine
¾ c. buttermilk baking mix
½ c. sweetened flaked coconut
½ c. coarsely chopped macadamia nuts
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease an 8-inch square baking dish.
Filling: Mix sugar and baking mix in a large bowl. Add pineapple and lemon peel and toss to mix and coat. Scrape into prepared baking dish.
Topping: Whisk egg, sugar and butter until blended and smooth. Stir in baking mix and 1/4 cup of the coconut. Spread over filling to cover completely. Sprinkle with remaining coconut and the macadamia nuts.
Bake 40 to 45 minutes until puffed and golden. Serve warm with whipped cream.


1 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. sugar
1 stick  cold butter or margarine (not spread)
1 tbsp. lemon juice
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ c. sugar
.13 tsp. ground cinnamon
4 c.  blueberries
1 c. red raspberries
Place oven rack in lowest position. Heat oven to 400°F. Have ready a 9-inch tart pan with removable bottom or a 9-inch springform pan.
To make crust in food processor: Process 1 cup flour, 2 tablespoons sugar and the butter with on/off turns until coarse crumbs form. With motor running, add lemon juice. Process until dough leaves sides of bowl. Remove blade, then dough. By hand: Mix 1 cup flour and 2 tablespoons sugar in a medium-size bowl. Cut in butter with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle with lemon juice. Press crumbs together and knead briefly until mixture forms a dough.
Lightly flour fingers and press dough about 1/4 inch thick over bottom of pan, thinner up the sides. Go to top of tart pan, about 1 inch high in spring-form pan.
Mix remaining 2 tablespoons flour, 1/2 cup sugar and the cinnamon in a large bowl. Add 3 cups blueberries and stir to mix and coat. Spread evenly in crust.
Bake 50 to 60 minutes until crust is well browned and filling bubbles.
Remove from oven to wire rack. Sprinkle with remaining 1 cup blueberries and the raspberries. Cool completely. Run knife around cake, remove pan sides and place cake on serving plate.


1 c. granulated sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
1¼ c. milk
Yolks from 3 large eggs
.67 c. fresh lime juice
½ stick butter or margarine (not spread)
2 tsp. finely grated fresh lime peel
1 c. sour cream
1  ready-to-fill graham-cracker piecrust (save the plastic lid)
Sweetened whipped cream
Lime slices
Mix sugar and cornstarch in a medium-size saucepan. Whisk in milk until smooth, then yolks until blended. Stir in lime juice.
Add butter and whisk constantly over medium heat 7 to 9 minutes, just until boiling. Remove from heat and stir 1 minute longer. Stir in lime peel until blended. Cover surface with plastic wrap to keep a skin from forming and refrigerate until cool, about 1 hour.
Gently whisk in sour cream until well blended. Pour into pie shell. Cover with reserved plastic lid and refrigerate at least 6 hours until set, or up to 2 days.
Shortly before serving, garnish with whipped cream and lime slices.This pie can be made up to 2 days ahead, but wait until about 1 hour before serving to add the whipped-cream garnish.


1 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. fresh lemon juice
3 large eggs
Yolks from 3 large eggs
½ stick cold unsalted butter or margarine
1  sheet frozen puff pastry
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1 tbsp. confectioners’ sugar
confectioners’ sugar
Candied citrus peel (see note)
Whisk granulated sugar, cornstarch and salt in a medium saucepan until blended. Whisk in lemon juice. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring once or twice.
Stir whole eggs and yolks in a medium bowl just until blended. Gradually whisk in hot lemon mixture, then return to saucepan. Whisk constantly over medium heat 5 minutes or until boiling and very thick. Add butter and stir until melted. Strain into a bowl. Place bowl in a larger bowl of ice water. Stir occasionally until cold. Cover surface with waxed paper (to keep a skin from forming) and refrigerate until ready to use, or up to 2 days.
Heat oven to 400°F. Have a cookie sheet ready.
Place puff pastry sheet on a work surface. Using a ruler and large sharp knife, cut pastry lengthwise into three 3-inch-wide strips. Place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake about 16 minutes, until puffed and golden. As soon as pastry is cooked, carefully transfer strips with a wide metal spatula to a wire rack to cool completely.
Meanwhile beat heavy cream and confectioners' sugar in a medium bowl with electric mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted.
With a long serrated knife, split each pastry strip in half horizontally to make 6 pieces in all. Place 2 bottom pieces on a platter or cookie sheet that will fit in your refrigerator. Spread each with 1/2 cup Lemon Curd. Fold whipped cream into remaining curd using a rubber spatula.
Reserve 2 top pastry strips for tops of Napoleons. Place remaining 2 pastry strips on curd layers. Spread with lemon cream, then cover with pastry tops. (Can be refrigerated up to 4 hours.)
To serve, using a serrated knife and a gentle sawing motion, cut each strip crosswise into 6 pieces. Dust with confectioners' sugar and garnish with candied peel.
The Lemon Curd can be made up to 2 days ahead, and the Napoleons can be assembled up to 4 hours ahead.


3  baking apples
4 c. sugar
2 tsp. sugar
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
4 tsp. ground cinnamon
4 tsp. freshly grated orange peel
4 tsp. ground allspice
2 tbsp. cold stick butter or margarine
1 large egg
1 box  refrigerated ready-to-use pie crust
Heat oven to 400°F. Spray six 6-ounce custard cups or ramekins with nonstick cooking spray. Have a jelly-roll pan ready.
Put apple slices in a medium bowl. Add 1/4 cup of the sugar, the flour, lemon juice, cinnamon, orange peel and allspice; toss to mix.
Put sprayed custard cups on jelly-roll pan (to catch drips). Fill cups with apple mixture, then dot with butter.
Break egg into a small bowl. Beat with a fork to blend yolk and white. Unfold pie crusts and place on work surface. Using 10-ounce custard cup or 4 1/2-inch plate as a guide, cut 3 circles from each crust. Brush edge of each circle with beaten egg. Place, brushed side down, over filled cups, pressing crust onto cup to seal. Brush crusts with egg.
Cut leaves from pastry scraps and arrange on crusts. Brush with egg and sprinkle with remaining 2 teaspoons sugar. Cut slits in crusts for steam to escape.
Bake 30 minutes or until apples are tender when pierced through a slit in the pastry and crusts are golden brown. Serve warm or at room temperature.


1 tbsp. margarine
1 package miniature white marshmallows
½ c. chunky peanut butter
5 c. ready-to-eat cereal
½ c. semisweet chocolate mini-chips
Line a 9 x 13-inch baking pan with foil. Lightly grease foil.
Melt margarine in a large saucepan over medium-low heat. Add marshmallows and stir often until melted and smooth, about 5 minutes. Stir in peanut butter until blended, remove from heat and stir in cereal.
Scrape into prepared pan and press into an even layer. Sprinkle with chocolate chips. Let cool completely.


1 stick unsalted butter or margarine
6 oz. white chocolate
3 large eggs
.67 c. sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. walnuts
⅓ c. golden raisins
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate (see Note)
Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease a 9-inch square pan.
Melt butter in a small saucepan. Remove from heat and add half the white chocolate. Set aside while chocolate melts.
Beat eggs in a large bowl with an electric mixer until frothy. Gradually add sugar and beat until mixture is pale, about 3 minutes. Beat in vanilla.
In a small bowl, mix 2 tablespoons of the flour with the walnuts and raisins.
Stir butter mixture and remaining flour into beaten eggs until blended. Stir in raisin mixture, remaining white chocolate and the bittersweet chocolate. Spread in prepared pan.
Bake 30 minutes or until edges begin to pull away slightly from sides of pan. Cool in pan on wire rack at least 3 hours before cutting in bars.


1 envelope active dry yeast
¼ c. sugar
1¾ c. warm milk
5 c. all-purpose flour
½ stick butter or margarine
whites from 2 large eggs
1 stick butter or margarine
1 c. honey
1 c. chopped toasted hazelnuts
¼ c. sugar
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
Have ready 24 regular-size (2 1/2-inch) muffin cups.
Dough: Stir yeast and 1/2 teaspoon of the sugar into milk. Let stand 10 minutes or until foamy.
Meanwhile mix remaining sugar and the flour in a large bowl. Make a well in center of flour mixture. Pour in yeast mixture, butter and egg whites. Stir with a wooden spoon until flour is incorporated and a soft dough forms (dough will pull away from sides of bowl).
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead about 5 minutes, until smoooth and elastic, sprinkling surface with more flour if sticky.
Wipe bowl clean. Spray with vegetable cooking spray. Place dough in bowl and turn to oil all sides. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let dough rise in a warm draft-free place about 1 hour until doubled.
Grease muffin cups. Place 1 teaspoon butter, 2 teaspoons honey and 2 teaspoons hazelnuts in each.
Punch down dough and knead in bowl several times. Turn out onto floured surface. Roll into a 21x12-inch rectangle. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. With a long side facing you, roll tightly lengthwise, jelly-roll style. Cut crosswise in 24 pieces.
Arrange cut-side down in muffin cups. Let rise in a warm place 50 minutes until doubled.
Meanwhile heat oven to 350°F. Place muffin pans on cookie sheets to catch drips. Bake 30 to 35 minutes until golden brown.
Invert muffin tins on a cookie sheet. Slowly lift pan letting excess honey drip onto buns. Cool 15 minutes; serve warm.


10  cream-filled chocolate sandwich cookies
4  bricks cream cheese
1¼ c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. almond extract
3 large eggs
1 c. maraschino cherries
½ c. heavy cream
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 325°F. Have an 8-inch springform pan ready.
Press cookie crumbs over bottom of pan. Lightly coat pan above crust with nonstick cooking spray.
Filling: Beat cream cheese in a large bowl with electric mixer until almost smooth. Scrape bowl and beaters with a rubber spatula. Gradually add sugar, beating just until mixture is smooth. Beat in extracts, then eggs, one at a time, just until blended.
Pour 1/3 the batter over crust. Sprinkle with 1/2 the chopped cherries. Repeat layers once. Top with remaining 1/3 batter.
Bake 1 hour 15 minutes, or until a pick inserted near center comes out clean. Run a thin-bladed knife carefully around edges to release cake from side of pan.
Cool cake in pan on a rack. Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours.
Chocolate Glaze: Heat heavy cream until steaming. Off heat, stir in chocolate chips until melted and smooth. Remove sides of spring from pan and place cake on waxed paper. Pour and spread chocolate over top of cake, letting some drip down sides. Return cake to refrigerator until chocolate sets, about 1/2 hour. Before serving, garnish with whipped cream and cherries.


2 stick unsalted butter or margarine
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 large egg
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
1 c. sweetened flaked coconut
1 tbsp. freshly grated lemon peel
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
⅓ c. sweetened flaked coconut
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease a 13 x 9-inch baking pan.
Batter: Beat butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy. Beat in egg until blended. With mixer on low speed, gradually beat in flour and salt until blended. Stir in coconut and lemon peel.
Spread batter in prepared pan. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until just until edges start to pull away from sides of pan. Do not overbake. Cool on a wire rack 20 minutes. Glaze bars while still warm.
Glaze: Stir confectioners' sugar and lemon juice until smooth. Drizzle over warm cookies, then spread evenly with a small flexible spatula. Sprinkle with coconut. Cool thoroughly before cutting in bars.


3 c. milk chocolate chips
1½ c. sour cream
2 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 c. water
1½ stick butter or margarine (not spread)
¾ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
3 large eggs
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
Frosting: Melt chocolate chips according to package directions. Immediately whisk in sour cream. Scrape into a metal bowl. Refrigerate, stirring a few times, until thick enough to spread (may take up to 4 hours). Makes 3 1/4 cups.
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease and flour two 9-inch round cake pans.
Cake: In a large bowl with electric mixer on low speed, beat ingredients just until blended. Increase mixer speed to high and beat 3 minutes, scraping down sides of bowl a few times. Divide batter between prepared pans. Spread evenly.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes until a pick inserted in center of cakes comes out clean. Cool in pan on rack 10 minutes. Turn out on rack, invert and cool completely.
To frost: Place 1 cake layer on serving plate. Spread with 1 cup frosting. Top with second cake layer. Frost sides and top with remaining frosting.The cake layers can be wrapped well and refrigerated up to 3 days or frozen up to 3 months. Make the frosting about 4 hours before you plan to ice the cake, so it has time to chill to spreading consistency.


1½ lb. ripe peaches
1½ lb. ripe plums
½ c. light-brown sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1⅓ c. all-purpose flour
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. baking soda
¼ c. cold butter or margarine
.67 c. buttermilk or plain low-fat yogurt
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
¼ c. sliced almonds
Heat oven to 400°F. Have ready a 2-inch-deep 2-quart baking dish.
Mix fruits, sugar, cornstarch and vanilla in the baking dish. Cover with foil and bake 15 minutes or until fruit is hot and juices bubble.
Meanwhile make biscuit dough: Mix flour, sugar, baking powder and baking soda in a large bowl. Cut in butter with pastry blender or two knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour buttermilk over top. Toss with fork until mixture clumps together.
Drop heaping tablespoons dough over fruit. Sprinkle sugar mixture, then almonds on top. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until biscuits are golden brown. Let cool until warm. Serve warm with heavy cream, plain or whipped, or a scoop of vanilla ice cream.


21  shortbread cookies
2 tbsp. packed brown sugar
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. cornstarch
½ c. water
¼ c. strawberry jam
2 tbsp. lemon juice
2 pt. ripe strawberries
Crust: Lightly grease a 9-inch pie plate. Process cookies and brown sugar in a food processor until finely crushed and blended. Add butter and pulse just until crumbs are moistened. Press evenly and firmly over bottom and sides of pie plate. Place in freezer to firm up crust.
Meanwhile make Chocolate Layer: Heat heavy cream in a small saucepan (or microwave) just until steaming hot. Remove from heat and add chocolate chips. Let stand 1 to 2 minutes, then stir until chocolate melts and mixture is thick and well blended. Spread evenly over bottom of pie crust. Refrigerate (or freeze) to firm up chocolate.
Glaze and Filling: Mix sugar and cornstarch in a medium saucepan. Stir in water, jam and lemon juice. Add 1 cup berries (save the prettiest berries for the top of the pie) and mash in the saucepan with a potato masher. Bring to a gentle boil over medium heat, whisking constantly. Boil 6 to 7 minutes, whisking occasionally, until mixture is thick and syrupy. Remove from heat and let cool slightly.
Meanwhile drain remaining berries, hulled side down, on paper towels. Pat dry. Pour about 1⁄3 of the glaze over the chocolate layer. Spread with a pastry brush to cover. Top with strawberries, points up. Pour remaining glaze over berries, using a brush to coat each berry. Refrigerate at least 1 hour to set glaze.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
⅓ c. vegetable oil
3 tbsp. milk
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
1 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 c. milk
3 large eggs
1 pt. ripe strawberries
¼ c. seedless red raspberry jam or strawberry jam
mint sprigs
Heat oven to 325°F. Have a 9-inch pie plate ready.
Crust: Mix flour, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Add oil and milk. Stir with a fork until well blended. (Mixture will be crumbly.) Scatter evenly in ungreased pie plate. Press over bottom and up sides. Press edge into a plain rim.
Lemon Filling: Mix sugar, flour and lemon peel in a large bowl. Whisk in lemon juice, butter, milk and egg yolks until blended. Beat egg whites in a large bowl with electric mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Stir gently (fold) into lemon mixture. Pour into crust.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes until a pick inserted near center comes out clean and top is golden.
Cool completely on a wire rack. Cover and refrigerate up to 2 days.
Up to 8 hours before serving: Arrange sliced berries on pie beginning at outer edge and leaving a 2 1/2-inch circle empty in center. Fill circle with reserved whole berries. Brush sliced and whole berries with melted jam. Refrigerate until serving. Garnish with mint.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. sugar
.13 tsp. salt
1 stick cold unsalted butter or margarine
2 tbsp. cold unsalted butter or margarine
Yolk from 1 large egg
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¾ c. dark corn syrup
3 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. Pecan halves
Heat oven to 400°F. Grease a 9-inch square pan.
Put flour, sugar and salt in food processor and pulse until blended. With processor running,gradually add butter through feed tube; process until blended. Add egg yolk and process until blended. Turn out into prepared pan and gather dough. Flatten and press evenly over bottom of pan, forming a 1/2-inch edge up sides of pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Stir brown sugar and flour in a medium bowl until blended. Add corn syrup, eggs and vanilla; whisk until well blended.
Spread pecans in an even layer over partially baked crust. Pour filling over pecans.
Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Bake 25 minutes or until filling is firm. Cool on a wire rack before cutting in bars.


1 envelope dessert mix for custard-style pudding
3 tbsp. sugar
2 c. milk
¼ c. candied ginger
1 package unfilled ladyfingers
¼ c. dark rum or orange juice
1 large ripe mango
1  ripe banana
¾ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1 tbsp. sugar
Sliced mango, banana and kiwifruit
Have ready a 1 1/2-quart serving bowl, preferably straight-sided and clear glass.
Prepare custard mix with the sugar and milk according to package directions. Stir in candied ginger.
Stand a row of attached ladyfingers, flat sides facing in, around sides of bowl, placing leftover ladyfingers over the bottom, tearing some to fit. Brush flat sides with rum.
Pour half the custard into the bowl. Add mango and banana, then remaining custard. Cover surface of custard directly with plastic wrap to keep a skin from forming. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours.
To serve: Beat heavy cream and sugar with an electric mixer until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Remove plastic wrap from custard. Spread with whipped cream, garnish with fruit and serve immediately.


3 c. low-fat granola cereal without raisins
3 tbsp. light corn syrup
1 pt. mango sorbet
2 pt. vanilla frozen yogurt
1 can frozen nonalcoholic strawberry-daiquiri mixer
1 pt. strawberries
mint sprigs
Lightly spray a 9-inch pie plate with nonstick cooking spray.
Mix granola cereal with corn syrup to coat. Moisten fingertips with water and press cereal mixture evenly over bottom and up sides of prepared pie plate. Freeze 1 hour or until firm.
Let sorbet and frozen yogurt soften at room temperature 15 to 20 minutes. Spread mango sorbet over bottom of crust.
Put vanilla frozen yogurt in a medium-size bowl. Spoon in all but 1/4 cup of the frozen-daiquiri mixer. With a rubber spatula, swirl it through the frozen yogurt for a marble effect. Spread over mango sorbet. Cover and freeze until ready to serve, at least 1 hour or up to 4 days.
Put remaining 1/4 cup daiquiri mixer in a medium-size bowl. Mash 1/2 cup of the strawberries into the daiquiri mixer. Slice remaining berries in half and add. Cover and refrigerate up to 8 hours.
Shortly before serving: Top pie with some of the strawberry mixture. Garnish with mint sprigs. Serve remaining berry mixture to spoon over wedges.


1 stick butter or margarine (not spread)
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¾ c. semisweet chocolate chips
¾ c. coarsely chopped toasted pecans
Heat oven to 325°F. Line an 8-inch square baking pan with foil letting ends extend above pan on 2 sides. Grease foil in pan.
In a medium-size bowl with electric mixer on medium speed, beat butter, brown sugar, egg and vanilla about 2 minutes until pale and fluffy. Stir in flour, baking powder, chocolate and nuts. Spread evenly in lined pan.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes until a pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Lift foil by ends onto cutting board. Remove foil. Cut blondie in 9 squares.


1¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. water
2 c. milk
1 c. half-and-half
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
3 large eggs
Yolks from 2 large eggs
4  navel oranges
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
Heat oven to 325°F. Have ready a 9-inch round layer-cake pan and a large roasting pan.
Put 3/4 cup of the sugar and the water in a small saucepan over medium-high heat. Bring to a boil, swirling pan until sugar dissolves. Cook until syrup turns golden amber, 2 to 3 minutes. (Watch carefully that it doesn't get dark or it will taste burned.) Immediately pour into cake pan. Holding pan with potholders, tilt to coat bottom completely.
Heat milk and half-and-half in a small saucepan over medium heat until hot. Stir in vanilla. In large bowl whisk 1/2 cup of the sugar and the eggs and yolks until smooth. Gradually whisk in milk; whisk until blended. Pour through strainer into cake pan. Place cake pan in roasting pan. Place roasting pan in oven. Add hot, not boiling, water to roasting pan to come halfway up sides of cake pan.
Bake 45 to 50 minutes until a knife inserted 1 inch from edge comes out clean (flan will be set but still jiggly). Remove cake pan from water to a wire rack and let cool completely. Cover loosely and refrigerate at least 8 hours or up to 3 days.
To Serve: Mix orange sections, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the cinnamon in a bowl. Run a thin knife around edge of flan. Place inverted rimmed serving plate over cake pan. Holding plate and pan together, carefully turn both over. Lift pan and let syrup run onto plate. Arrange oranges around flan.


2 package dried Calimyrna figs (from dried-fruit section of most markets)
2 c. water
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter or margarine
1 c. sugar
2 large eggs
Filling: Cut stems off figs. Cut figs in half. Put figs and water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, 25 minutes or until water is absorbed and figs are tender. Cool slightly. Purée figs in a food processor; add vanilla.
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease a 13 x 9-inch baking pan.
Crust: Mix flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt; set aside. Beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each. With mixer on low speed, add flour mixture. With floured hands, gather dough into a ball. Place on a sheet of wax paper and flatten into a disc. Wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or until chilled enough to roll out.
Divide dough in half. Place one half on a piece of waxed paper. Using a rolling pin, roll out to a 13 x 9-inch rectangle. Trim edges even with a sharp knife. Invert dough into pan and peel off paper. Patch any tears by pressing dough with floured fingertips.
Spoon cooled fig mixture over dough and spread into a thin, even layer with a small flexible spatula. Roll out remaining dough on waxed paper to a 13 x 9-inch rectangle. Trim edges with a sharp knife. Lift dough on waxed paper and place, paper side up, on fig filling. Carefully peel off paper. Patch any tears by pressing dough with fingertips.
Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until edges are golden. Cool on a wire rack before cutting in bars.


2 c. heavy cream
½ c. milk
½ c. sugar
3 tbsp. coffee beans
1  vanilla bean
Yolks from 6 large eggs
1 c. sugar
¼ c. water
Put cream, milk, 1/2 cup sugar and the coffee beans in a small saucepan. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean with the tip of a knife into the cream mixture. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and let steep 1 hour for flavor to develop and mixture to cool to room temperature
Heat oven to 350°F. Arrange six 1/2-cup ramekins in a shallow pan.
Strain coffee mixture through a strainer into a 1-quart measure. Whisk in egg yolks until blended. Pour into ramekins, filling them almost to the top. Place pan in oven. Add enough hot water to pan to come halfway up sides of ramekins. Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until custards are just set, but still a bit wobbly and a knife inserted in center comes out clean
Remove ramekins from water to a wire rack to cool, about 30 minutes. Refrigerate at least 1 hour until chilled
Topping: Cook sugar and water in a small, heavy saucepan over medium heat without stirring, swirling pan occasionally, 10 to 12 minutes until syrup turns golden-amber. (Watch carefully that it doesn't get dark or it will taste burned.) Immediately pour a thin layer evenly over each custard (you won't need all the syrup). Let cool 5 minutes until hard. Simplified No-Steep, No-Strain Variation: Heat the 1/2 cup milk in a small saucepan or in microwave until hot. Stir in 2 teaspoons instant coffee granules and th


2  bricks light cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
½ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 tbsp. milk
2 tsp. vanilla extract
5 large eggs
.67 c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. freshly grated orange peel
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. unsalted butter or margarine
⅓ c. confectioners’ sugar
Candied Citrus Slices (directions follow)
Heat oven to 375°F. Lightly grease a 15 1/2 x 10 1/2-inch jelly-roll  pan. Line bottom and sides with waxed paper; grease paper.
Beat cream cheese and sugar with an electric mixer until smooth. Beat in eggs, milk and vanilla just until blended. Spread evenly in lined pan.
Beat eggs, granulated sugar, orange peel and vanilla in a  large bowl (see Note) with an electric mixer on high speed 8 to 12 minutes until very thick, pale and at least tripled in volume. Sprinkle with flour. Fold until just blended. Add butter and fold until just blended. Spread evenly over filling in pan.
Bake 19 to 21 minutes or  until cake springs back when touched in center.
While cake bakes, spread a clean kitchen towel (not paper or terry cloth) on countertop.  Sift confectioners' sugar through a small strainer over towel, covering an area the size of the cake.
Invert hot cake on towel. Remove pan and carefully peel off paper. Starting at one narrow end, neatly roll up cake, using towel as an aid. Cool completely on a wire rack. Wrap and refrigerate up to 1 week. When ready to serve, garnish with candied citrus slices.
Candied Citrus Slices:


1 can  sweetened condensed milk (not evaporated milk)
1 bag  sweetened flaked coconut (5 1/3 cups)
1½ c. pastel-color mint-flavor chocolate lentils
whites from 2 large eggs
Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheet(s) with foil. Coat with nonstick spray and dust with flour.
Mix condensed milk, coconut and 3/4 cup chocolate lentils in a large bowl.
Beat egg whites in a small to medium bowl with mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold into coconut mixture.
Drop level measuring tablespoons of mixture about 1 in. apart on prepared baking sheets(s). Place 3 to 4 chocolate lentils on top of each.
Bake 14 to 16 minutes until macaroons are lightly toasted. Slide foil onto a wire rack; cool macaroons completely before peeling off foil.


1½ stick  butter
4 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1 c. sugar
3 large eggs
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. walnuts
1 bag  Andes mint baking chips
½ c. each cocoa powder and sugar
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
⅓ c. light corn syrup
2 tbsp. stick butter
Peppermint-stick ice cream
Garnish: whipped cream, tiny red and white candy heart decors and maraschino cherries
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 9-in. square baking pan with foil, letting foil extend above pan at opposite sides. Coat foil with nonstick spray.
Make Brownies: Melt butter and chocolate in a medium saucepan or in a bowl in microwave. Remove from heat; whisk in sugar, then eggs, 1 at a time. Stir in flour, walnuts and 1 1⁄2 cups mint baking chips.
Spread evenly in pan; sprinkle remaining chips over top.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out with a few moist crumbs attached. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Make Hot Fudge Sauce: Mix cocoa and sugar in a 2-qt saucepan. Add remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil over medium heat, reduce heat and, stirring with whisk, simmer 1 minute. Let cool until warm.
Assemble Sundaes: Holding foil ends, lift brownies onto cutting board. Cut in 16 squares. Top each brownie with a scoop of ice cream, then warm fudge sauce. Garnish with whipped cream and a cherry; sprinkle with heart decors.


3 tbsp. seedless red raspberry jam
1 c. fresh raspberries
2  Twinkies snack cakes
Stir jam and 1 Tbsp water in a bowl until smooth. Add raspberries; toss gently to coat.
Cut Twinkies in half diagonally, starting about 1 in. down from top  left to 1 in. from bottom of opposite side. For each heart, put 2 halves  together on 1 serving plate. Spoon raspberry mixture over and around  hearts. Garnish with mint, if desired.


Crust
30  reduced-fat chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreos)
¼ c. fat-free bottled hot fudge topping
FILLING
1 envelope unflavored gelatin
½ c. cold strong coffee
16 oz. 1/3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
¾ c. sugar
1 c.  reduced-fat sour cream
1 bar bittersweet chocolate
Chocolate coffee beans, for garnish
You'll need a 13 x 9-in. baking pan lined with nonstick foil to  extend about 2 in. above narrow ends of pan.
Pulse cookies in  food processor until fine crumbs. Add fudge topping to crumbs; pulse to  moisten. Press firmly in prepared pan. Freeze while proceeding.
Sprinkle gelatin over coffee in a small saucepan; let stand 2 minutes.  Stir over low heat until steaming and granules dissolve. Remove from  heat.
Beat cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl with mixer on high  speed until smooth. On low speed, beat in sour cream, the coffee mixture  and chocolate until blended. Pour into crust, cover and refrigerate 4  hours or until firm.
Lift foil by ends onto cutting board. Cut  crosswise into 8 strips, then each strip into 6 bars. Add coffee beans  to top.


33  shortbread cookies (such as Lorna Doone)
1 c. sweetened shredded coconut
1 tbsp. grated orange peel
White from 1 large egg
¾ c. plus 1 tsp sugar
1½ tbsp. cornstarch
4 large eggs
½ stick butter
1 tub reduced-fat sour cream
1 tbsp. each grated lemon, lime and orange peel
⅓ c. orange juice
3 tbsp. each lemon and lime juice
Garnish: shaved fresh coconut
Place oven rack in middle position. Heat to 350°F. Lightly coat a 9-in. tart pan with removable bottom with nonstick spray. Have a baking sheet ready (to get filled pan in and out of oven more easily).
Make Crust: Process cookies in food processor until reduced to fine crumbs. Add coconut, orange peel and egg white; process until crumbs are moistened. Press over bottom and up sides of prepared pan. Bake 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on a wire rack.
Make Filling: Using a whisk, stir 3⁄4 cup sugar and the cornstarch in a large bowl until combined. Stir in eggs, butter, 3⁄4 cup sour cream, grated peels and juices until blended (mixture may look curdled). Place pan with baked crust on baking sheet; slowly pour in filling.
Bake 35 minutes or until filling sets. While tart bakes, stir the 1 tsp sugar into sour cream remaining in tub. Scrape into a small ziptop plastic bag.
Remove tart from oven to a wire rack; let cool 5 minutes. Snip tip off corner of bag; drizzle design on tart. Bake 5 minutes or until design sets. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Refrigerate at least 4 hours.
To remove sides of tart pan, place pan on a small, sturdy bowl and let pan sides fall down. Place tart on pan base on serving plate.


1 box  any flavor cake mix
2 can  vanilla frosting (do not use whipped)
Blue, green, pink, yellow, orange and black paste (icing) or gel food colors*
Vanilla wafers or vanilla Teddy Grahams, finely crushed
Assorted speckled Jelly Belly jelly beans
Rock candy
Giant Goldfish crackers
1  Teddy Graham (diver)
Any or all of the following: Green sour belts; Green Apple Wave Fruit by the Foot; Watermelon and Green Apple Airheads; Gumdrop spearmint leaves, halved horizontally; Green licorice twists (omitted on round cake); 1 gummy turtle (omitted on round cake); Goldfish Colors crackers; Baby Goldfish crackers
You also need: 1 qt-size ziptop bag, a small paintbrush, toothpicks and small scissors
For 13 x 9-in cake (top photo): Place cake right side up on serving surface. Mix 1 can frosting with blue and green food colors to tint aqua. Frost top and sides. For 8- or 9-in. round cake (bottom photo): Slice rounded top off 1 cake layer; invert on serving plate. Mix 1 can frosting with blue and green food colors to tint aqua. Spread top with about 1⁄2 cup aqua frosting. Top with other layer, right side up. Frost cake with remaining aqua frosting.
Press crushed vanilla wafers against bottom and partially up sides of cake. Pile jelly beans and rock candy as shown in photos.
Spoon about 2 Tbsp frosting into each of 6 small cups. Tint to desired shades of blue, pink, dark pink, yellow, orange and black. Remove 1 Tbsp black frosting to ziptop bag; seal. Stir drops of water into frosting in bowls until thin enough to paint on crackers. Cover with plastic wrap when not using.
Paint Giant Goldfish with blue, pink and yellow frosting and Teddy Graham diver with orange frosting. Let dry before adding another color. With a toothpick, decorate Goldfish with black dots for eyes and dark pink for smiles. Draw lines and dots with other colors; draw black boots and mask outline on ­diver. Let dry.
With scissors, cut out seaweed shapes from sour belts, Fruit by the Foot, Airheads, spearmint leaves and/or licorice twists.
Attach seaweed, all the Goldfish and diver with frosting. Cut a tiny tip off corner of ziptop bag with black frosting. Pipe black air hose to diver. Mix 1 tsp blue frosting with 1 tsp white frosting and a drop or two of water. With a toothpick, drop pale blue bubbles along air hose. Attach turtle, if using.*Paste and gel food colors can be found in cake-decorating, party-supply and crafts shops.


1½ stick  unsalted butter
1½ c. sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. vanilla extract
4 large eggs
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. milk
1½ c. pecan halves or pieces
1 tsp. maple-flavor extract
⅓ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1 tsp. instant coffee
1¼ c. confectioners’ sugar
⅓ c. confectioners’ sugar, thinned with about 3⁄4 tsp water until runny
Heat oven to 350°F. Line inside of a 9-in. springform cake pan with 18-in.-wide heavy-duty foil. Coat with nonstick spray. Have a rimmed baking sheet ready.
Make Coffee Cake: Spread pecans on baking sheet. Bake 8 minutes or until toasted. When cool, pulse in a food processor just until finely chopped.
Beat butter, sugar, baking powder, vanilla and maple extract in a large bowl with mixer on high 3 minutes or until fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each. On low speed, beat in flour in 3 additions alternately with milk in 2 additions, just until blended, scraping sides of bowl as needed. Fold in chopped nuts. Spoon into prepared pan; spread smooth.
Bake 1 hour or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 10 minutes. Remove pan side; invert cake on rack; remove foil. Cool completely.
Make Coffee Frosting: Pour cream into a medium bowl; stir in instant coffee until dissolved. Stir in confectioners' sugar with a whisk until smooth. Spread over top of cake, letting some run down sides.
Garnish: Scrape sugar mixture into a small ziptop bag. Snip tip off 1 corner; drizzle over frosting.


¾ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2⅓ c. boiling water
2⅓ c. granulated sugar
¾ c. oil
3 large eggs
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
2½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1 stick butter
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. confectioners' sugar
6 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
½ c. milk chocolate chips
½ c. white chocolate chips
Heat oven to 325°F. Coat two 8 x 2-in. heart-shaped cake pans* with nonstick spray. Line bottoms with wax paper.
Make Cake: Put cocoa powder and boiling water in a medium bowl; stir until smooth. When cool, add next 4 ingredients. Beat with mixer on medium speed until blended. On low speed, add flour, baking soda and salt. Beat just until smooth (batter is thin). Divide between pans.
Bake 45 to 55 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center of cakes comes out clean. Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes. Run knife around edges of cakes, invert on rack, peel off paper and cool completely.
Make Frosting: Beat butter and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. Reduce speed to low and beat in 1⁄2 cup sugar, then melted chocolate. Alternate beating in remaining sugar and 1⁄2 cup cream. Increase speed to medium; beat, adding more cream if needed, until spreadable.
To assemble: Turn cakes right side up. With a serrated knife, trim tops level if necessary. Place 1 layer top side down on serving plate. Spread top with 1 cup frosting. Add other layer, top side down.
Brush any crumbs off cake. Coat with a thin layer frosting, then spread and swirl on remaining frosting.
Shortly before serving, make Chocolate Hearts: Line a baking sheet with wax paper. Have ready assorted-size heart-shaped metal cookie cutters and red paste food color.
Melt 1⁄2 cup semisweet chocolate chips as package directs.
Pour onto lined baking sheet and spread with a metal spatula to a 6 1⁄2-in. square. Refrigerate 5 minutes until set.
Fill a shallow bowl with hot water. Dip cookie cutter(s) in water about 30 seconds, tap off excess water and cut out chocolate hearts. Refrigerate until needed. Repeat with 1⁄2 cup milk chocolate chips. Melt 1⁄2 cup white chocolate chips as bag directs. Remove about 1⁄4 and tint red. Spread white and red chocolate on lined baking sheet; proceed as above.


2 lb. boneless pork loin roast
1 c. hoisin sauce
1 tbsp. freshly grated ginger
6 c. shredded Napa cabbage
1½ c. bagged shredded carrots
¼ c. Sliced scallions
3 tbsp. rice-wine vinegar
1½ tbsp. sugar
20  flour tortillas
Serve with: hoisin sauce and sliced scallions (optional)
Put pork, 1⁄3 cup hoisin sauce and the ginger in a 3 1⁄2-qt or larger slow-cooker. Turn pork to coat.
Cover and cook on low 6 to 9 hours or until pork is very tender. Turn off cooker. Remove pork to a cutting board and, using 2 forks, pull meat into shreds. Return pork to cooker.
Toss cabbage, carrots, scallions, vinegar and sugar in a bowl to mix.
Spread each tortilla with about 1 1⁄2 tsp remaining hoisin sauce. Top with about 1⁄3 cup cabbage mixture and 1⁄4 cup shredded pork.


2½ c. bite-size pieces fresh pineapple
1 pt. strawberries
2  ripe kiwifruit
⅓ c. packed light-brown sugar
Gently mix fruit, sugar and 3 tablespoons water in a medium bowl.
Let stand at room temperature about 20 minutes for fruit to release juices.


1 pt. vanilla ice cream
1  ready-to-fill chocolate cookie crust
1 pt. reduced-fat Dutch chocolate ice cream
1 pt. strawberry ice cream
¼ c. fudge sauce
Garnish: strawberries
Place 1 pint vanilla ice cream in large bowl; stir until smooth but not melted.
Spread into bottom of a ready-to-fill chocolate cookie crust.
Freeze 30 minutes until just firm.
Repeat as above with 1 pint  reduced-fat Dutch chocolate ice cream, then 1 pint strawberry ice cream.  Cover and freeze until firm.
Before serving, slightly warm 1/4 cup fudge sauce in microwave. Drizzle over pie; garnish with strawberries.


20 can shortbread cookies
2 tbsp. butter
2 package 1/3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
¾ c. sugar
2 tbsp. grated orange zest
1 c. plus 1⁄4 cup orange juice
1 package unflavored gelatin (scant 21⁄2 tsp)
½ c. sweet orange marmalade
1 pt. fresh strawberries
.35 c. fresh blueberries
2  oranges
Coat a 9-in. pie plate with nonstick spray.
Make Crust: Process cookies in food processor until fine crumbs form. Add butter; process until crumbs are moistened. (Or finely crush cookies in a sturdy plastic food bag with a rolling pin. Add butter; knead to mix.) Press over bottom and up sides of pie plate. Freeze 15 minutes until firm. Wash and dry processor.
Make Filling: Process cream cheese, sugar, orange zest and 1 cup orange juice in food processor until smooth, scraping bowl as needed. Leave in processor.


1¼ c.  semisweet chocolate chips
1 c.  heavy (whipping) cream
1  ready-to-fill chocolate-flavored crumb crust
1 package light cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
¼ c. creamy peanut butter
¼ c. brown sugar
.67 c. crushed peanut brittle
Coarsely broken peanut brittle
Chocolate Layer: Heat chocolate chips and 1/4 cup of the heavy cream in a medium-size bowl in microwave on high 45 seconds to 1 minute, until cream is steaming hot. Let stand 1 minute, then stir until smooth. Cool slightly. Or stir chocolate and 1/4 cup cream in a small saucepan over very low heat until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Scrape into a medium-size bowl and cool slightly.
Beat remaining 3/4 cup cream in a large bowl with electric mixer until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Quickly stir (fold) cream gently into melted chocolate until well blended. Scrape into crust and spread evenly. Refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes.
Peanut Layer: In same bowl (no need to wash bowl or beaters), beat cream cheese, heavy cream, peanut butter and brown sugar until smooth. Stir in crushed brittle. Spread over set chocolate mixture and chill at least 1 hour, until set, or covered up to 2 days.
Before serving, scatter with brittle.


4 large eggs
.67 c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
.67 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. sugar
3 tbsp. sugar
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
⅓ c. sugar
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
2 c. heavy (whipping) cream
3 tbsp. sugar
½ c. strawberry jam
3 c. sliced strawberries
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease two 8-inch round layer-cake pans. Line bottoms with waxed paper; grease paper
Cake: Beat eggs and 2/3 cup sugar in a large bowl with electric mixer 8 to 10 minutes until very thick and tripled in volume.(This is important to assure high layers.) Beat in vanilla. Put flour in a medium-size strainer and sift over batter. Gently stir (fold) with a rubber spatula just until thoroughly blended. Pour into prepared pans
Bake 18 to 20 minutes until golden around the edges and a pick inserted in centers comes out clean.
Cool cakes on wire rack 10 minutes. Loosen edges from pans, invert on rack and let cool completely. When cool, carefully slice each layer in half, using a long serrated knife.
Heat 1/3 cup sugar and the lemon juice until boiling. Stir until sugar dissolves. Brush hot syrup over cut surfaces of cake layers until all syrup is absorbed. Cool completely.
Beat cream and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar with electric mixer until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted (you'll have 4 cups). Spoon off 1 cup and reserve. Stir strawberry jam, then stir jam into remaining whipped cream.
To assemble: Place 1 cake layer cut side up on a serving plate. Top with 1 cup sliced strawberries, then 1 cup whipped-cream mixture. Repeat with remaining layers, putting last layer cut side down. Spread with reserved whipped cream. Decorate with berries.


2 c. heavy cream
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
⅓ c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. cake flour (not self-rising)
¾ c. sugar
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
⅓ c. milk
3  squares unsweetened chocolate
2 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. baking soda
Frosting: Mix heavy cream, cocoa, sugar and vanilla in a medium-size bowl. Cover and refrigerate about 1 hour, stirring several times to dissolve cocoa and sugar.
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease two 8-inch layer-cake pans. Line bottoms with waxed paper. Grease paper.
Cake: Put all cake ingredients into a large bowl in the order listed. Beat with electric mixer, scraping sides of bowl with a rubber spatula several times, until batter is thick (like sour cream) and spreadable. Spread evenly in prepared pans.
Bake 22 to 24 minutes, until a pick inserted in center comes out clean.
Cool in pans on a wire rack 10 minutes. Invert cakes on rack and peel off paper. Turn cakes right side up and cool completely.
Beat chilled frosting mixture with electric mixer just until stiff peaks begin to form when beaters are lifted (don't overbeat or frosting will look grainy).
Place 1 cake layer on serving plate. Spread with frosting. Top with second layer. Spread remaining frosting on top and sides. Garnish with chocolate-mint candies.Make the frosting first so it can chill while the cake bakes. The cake layers freeze well up to 3 months. Once frosted, the cake keeps well, tightly covered, in the refrigerator up to 1 week.
Garnish: chocolate crème de menthe and chocolate-mint parfait wafers (such as Andes), cut in triangles for top of cake and irregular pieces for sides.


1 stick unsalted butter or margarine
1 pt. blueberries
⅓ c. sugar
¾ c. sugar
½ tbsp. cornstarch
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. yellow cornmeal
.67 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. salt
.67 c. milk
Heat oven to 350°F. Heat a heavy 10-inch-wide, 1 1/2-inch-deep ovenproof skillet (cast iron is ideal) over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter and stir until melted.
Mix blueberries, 1/3 cup sugar and the cornstarch in a medium bowl. Add to skillet and cook, stirring, 3 minutes or until bubbly. Remove pan from heat.
Beat remaining butter and sugar in a large bowl with an electric mixer until blended. Add eggs and vanilla and beat until fluffy, about 2 minutes. In another bowl whisk the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt until blended. Beat into butter mixture in 2 additions alternately with the milk until blended (mixture will be grainy) and scrape over blueberry mixture in skillet; spread evenly.
Bake 35 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Run a knife around edge of pan, place serving plate on top of skillet. Holding the skillet and plate together with potholders, carefully invert hot cake onto the plate. Let cake cool completely before serving.




nonstick cooking spray
1½ tbsp. butter
9 large marshmallows
2¼ c. puffed rice cereal
¾ c. vanilla yogurt
2 pt. fresh blueberries or raspberries
To make tartlets:
Working quickly, spoon about 1 heaping tablespoon cereal mixture into each mini-muffin cup. Lightly grease your fingers with cooking spray to prevent sticking, then gently press center down to create a tartlet. Let cool 5 minutes, then carefully remove tartlets from pan and transfer to a platter. The tartlets can be made up to 3 days in advance and stored in an airtight container at room temperature.
To serve:


½ c. warm water
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ oz. active dry yeast
1 tsp. canola oil
1  box instant vanilla pudding mix
24 tbsp. unsalted butter
2  eggs
1 tbsp. kosher salt
6 c. bread flour
2 c. light brown sugar
4 tsp. ground cinnamon
1  package cream cheese
2 c. powdered sugar
2 tbsp. milk
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 c. Pecan halves
In a medium bowl, combine water, granulated sugar, and yeast; set aside until very foamy, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, grease a large bowl with oil; set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat prepared pudding, 8 tablespoons melted and cooled butter, and eggs on medium speed until well combined. Add yeast mixture and beat again until combined. Add salt and then flour, 1 cup at a time, incorporating it first on low speed, and then working your way up to medium speed, mixing well after each addition.
Turn dough out onto a floured surface, dust with flour, and knead to form a smooth ball, 1 to 2 minutes; transfer to prepared bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.
Grease a large, rimmed baking sheet with butter; set aside. In a medium bowl, combine brown sugar and cinnamon. Transfer dough to a large, floured work surface and divide into 2 pieces. Roll out each piece into a 12- by 16-inch rectangle and spread 4 tablespoons butter over each. Scatter cinnamon-sugar mixture evenly over dough, and then snugly roll up each rectangle, starting with the short side, to form 2 (12-inch) logs. Cut each log crosswise into 6 rolls and transfer to prepared baking sheet, spacing them evenly apart. Cover loosely with plastic wrap or a light kitchen towel and set aside in a warm spot until doubled in size, 1 to 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake rolls until puffed and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, make frosting: In a large bowl, beat remaining 8 tablespoons butter and cream cheese with an electric mixer on medium speed until well-combined and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla and beat again until creamy and combined, about 1 minute.
While rolls are still hot, drop a large dollop of frosting over the middle of each one, spreading it out a bit with the back of a spoon, and then scatter pecans over the top (if using). Serve rolls warm or at room temperature.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. kosher salt
⅓ c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. lemon zest
1 large egg
½ c. sour cream
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tbsp. light corn syrup
3 tbsp. whole milk
3 tbsp. unsweetened cocoa
Heat oven to 350°F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter, granulated sugar, vanilla and lemon zest in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the egg. Reduce the mixer speed to low and alternately add the flour mixture and sour cream, mixing just until incorporated.
Drop slightly rounded tsps of dough 2 in. apart onto prepared baking sheets and bake, rotating the position of the pans halfway through, until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool on the sheet for 2 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together the confectioners' sugar, corn syrup and 2 Tbsp milk until smooth and spreadable. Transfer 1/3 cup glaze to a small bowl and stir in the cocoa and remaining 1 Tbsp milk until smooth. (Icing should be thick, but spreadable. If necessary, add an extra 1/2 to 1 tsp milk.)
Turn cookies flat-side up. Spread white icing over half of each cookie. Once the white icing has dried, spread chocolate icing over the other half. Let stand at room temperature until set.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. unsweetened cocoa
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
2 c. bittersweet chocolate chips (12 oz)
½ c.  unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
6 tbsp. heavy cream
8 can canes
Heat oven to 350°F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt.
Melt 1/2 cup chocolate chips in the microwave according to package directions. Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the melted chocolate and then the flour mixture, mixing until just incorporated. Stir in 3/4 cup of the remaining chocolate chips.
Drop rounded tsps of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 2 in. apart. Bake, rotating the position of the pans halfway through, until cookies are puffed and set, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool on the sheet for 2 minutes, then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
In a medium microwave-safe bowl, microwave the heavy cream on high until simmering, about 30 seconds. Add the remaining 3/4 cup chips to the cream and let stand for 1 minute. Stir until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Spread the chocolate mixture on top of each cookie (about 1/2 tsp each); top with the candy canes. Refrigerate until set, about 20 minutes.


¾ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
8 tbsp. unsalted butter
3  egg whites
¾ tsp. peppermint extract
Red gel-paste or liquid food coloring
Burgundy gel-paste or liquid food coloring
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour and salt. In a large bowl, beat sugar and butter with an electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add egg whites and peppermint extract and beat on low speed until well combined, about 1 minute more. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add flour mixture, beating until incorporated.
Transfer 1/2 cup of the dough to a medium bowl. (If using burgundy food coloring as well, divide dough into 2 bowls and add red coloring to one and burgundy to the other. Continue this step, repeating the process with each color.) Add food coloring to bowl, and mix with a spoon until dough is evenly colored. Transfer dough to a pastry bag fitted with a 1/8 round tip or a resealable bag with a corner cut off.
To form each cookie, use a small offset spatula to spread 2 teaspoons of the uncolored dough into a 3 1/2- by 4 1/2-inch rectangle on a prepared baking sheet, spacing them about 2 apart. Pipe diagonal lines of red (and burgundy, if using) dough over the rectangles to resemble candy canes.
Bake 1 sheet of cookies at a time until the edges are firm to the touch but have not yet taken on any golden color, 6 to 7 minutes. Working quickly, use a metal spatula to gently transfer one cookie to a flat surface. Firmly roll the cookie around the thin handle of a wooden spoon or the larger end of a chopstick, then slide cookie off and transfer to a large plate. Repeat rolling process with remaining cookies; if they become too cool and fragile for shaping, return them to the oven for 30 seconds or so to soften.
Repeat baking and rolling process with remaining dough. (Be sure to cool cookie sheets completely before spreading out more batches.) Set finished cookies aside to cool completely, about 15 minutes, then store in an airtight container up to 2 days.


24 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 c. granulated sugar
¼ c. milk
2½ tbsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
6  eggs
1 tsp. grated orange zest
1 tsp. almond extract
6 c. all-purpose flour
vegetable oil
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and 1 cup sugar until well combined, about 1 minute. Add milk, baking powder, salt, and eggs and beat again until well combined, about 1 minute; the mixture will look broken. Let rest for 15 minutes.
Beat in zest and almond extract until combined. Add flour 1 cup at a time, mixing well after each addition, using as much as needed until dough is smooth and no longer sticky.
Line a large sheet tray with a few layers of paper towels; set aside. Pour oil into a large pot to a depth of 1 1/2 inches and heat over medium-high heat until oil registers 375 degrees F on a thermometer (or dip the handle of a wooden spoon into the oil — if it starts to bubble, it's ready). Meanwhile, combine remaining 1 cup sugar and the cinnamon in a large bowl; set aside.
On a lightly floured surface, knead dough briefly to bring it together, then divide into 4 pieces. Roll each piece into an 8-inch rectangle and, using a sharp paring knife or pizza cutter, cut into 1/4-inch strips. Tie each strip into a knot, tucking the ends under slightly. Working in batches, fry cookies, turning occasionally, until deep golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.
Using a slotted spoon, transfer cookies to prepared baking sheet and let drain briefly. While still hot, toss in cinnamon sugar to coat. Eat immediately or let cool.


2.67 c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
1¼ c. granulated sugar
8 tbsp. unsalted butter
3  eggs
¾ c. shelled pistachios
½ c. dried cranberries
1½ tbsp. finely grated orange zest
3 tbsp. medium-grind cornmeal
2 tbsp. raw (turbinado) sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt; set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat granulated sugar and butter on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. With the motor running, add 2 eggs, 1 at a time, beating thoroughly after each addition. Add pistachios, cranberries, and zest and mix on low speed until combined. Add cornmeal, mix again until just combined, and then add reserved flour mixture and continue to mix on low speed just until dough comes together.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll into a 12-inch log. Transfer to prepared baking sheet and gently flatten log until it's 1 inch thick. Beat remaining egg, then brush log with beaten egg and sprinkle with raw sugar. Bake until firm to the touch, about 45 minutes. Set aside to cool for 20 minutes, then use a serrated knife to cut loaf into 3/4-inch-thick slices.
Arrange slices on 2 large, parchment-paper-lined baking sheets and bake, flipping halfway through, until lightly toasted, about 20 minutes; set aside to cool and harden.


2¼ c. powdered sugar
1½ c. whole almonds
4  egg whites
1¾ tsp. cream of tartar
½ c. granulated sugar
1½ tbsp. water
12 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. lemon curd
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
To make cookies:
Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Fit a pastry bag with a medium round tip (1/2 inch to 5/8 inch) and fill bag with meringue. Twist the top closed, being careful to squeeze out any air bubbles. Pipe out 1-inch circles, each about 1/2 inch high, onto prepared baking sheets, spacing circles about 2 inches apart. Set aside, uncovered, at room temperature for 2 hours. (This allows the cookies to develop their distinctive crust.)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Bake cookies until set but not browned, 12 to 14 minutes; set aside to cool completely.
To make buttercream:
Reduce mixer speed to medium and, with the motor running, add butter 1 tablespoon at a time. (If mixture looks curdled, raise speed to high and continue to add butter.) When buttercream is smooth, whisk in lemon curd and vanilla.
Using a pastry bag fitted with a medium round tip, pipe a nickel-sized dollop of buttercream onto the flat side of half the cookies. (Save remaining buttercream for another use.) Top with remaining macarons to make sandwiches. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.


4 c. barley flour
3 c. whole raw almonds
1 c. canola oil
1 c. maple syrup
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 c. blueberry, raspberry, or apricot jam
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside.
In a large bowl, stir together flour, almonds, oil, syrup, salt, and cinnamon until combined. Working in batches, form each cookie by rolling 1 generous tablespoon of the dough into a ball. Transfer to prepared baking sheets, spacing cookies about 2 inches apart.
Using your thumb, make an indention in the middle of each cookie, neatening the edges as needed. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of the jam into the center of each cookie, then bake until golden brown around the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Set aside to cool.


6 tbsp. butter or margarine
2 tsp. instant espresso-coffee powder
1¼ c. packed light brown sugar
2 tsp. vanilla extract
2 large eggs
1 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
3 tsp. milk or water
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. instant espresso-coffee powder
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
48  espresso-coffee beans for garnish
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 13" by 9" metal baking pan. Line pan with foil; grease foil.
Prepare cookie bar:
Spread dough evenly in pan. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted 2 inches from edge of pan comes out clean. Cool completely in pan on wire rack.
When cookie bar is cool, invert onto another wire rack; remove foil. Immediately invert again, onto cutting board, so top side faces up.
Prepare glaze:
While glaze is still wet, cut cookie bar lengthwise into 4 strips, then cut each strip crosswise into 6 rectangles. Cut each rectangle diagonally in half into 2 triangles. Garnish each triangle with an espresso bean. Let triangles stand 30 minutes to allow glaze to dry. Store triangles in tightly covered container, with waxed paper between layers, up to 2 weeks.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. firmly packed brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
2 tbsp. hot cocoa mix
¾ c.  unsalted butter
1½ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 c. sour cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 10-in. tube pan with removable bottom with cooking spray. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, cinnamon and cocoa mix.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes; beat in the vanilla. Beat in the eggs, one at a time. Beat in the sour cream. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually add the flour mixture, beating until incorporated.
Transfer half the batter to the prepared pan. Sprinkle with half the brown sugar mixture. Top with the remaining batter and sprinkle with the remaining brown sugar mixture.
Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the cake comes out clean, 60 to 70 minutes.
Let cool in the pan for 25 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.


2 large eggs
¾ c. canola oil
1¼ c. plus 5 Tbsp whole milk
3 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. yellow cornmeal
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. plus pinch kosher salt
¾ c.  unsalted butter
1 box confectioners’ sugar
16  corn holders, assorted yellow and white jelly beans, 4 yellow fruit chews (such as Starburst), black and white sanding sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. Line two 12-cup muffin tins with yellow or white paper liners.
In a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, oil, 1 1/4 cups of the milk and 2 tsp of the vanilla.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, cornmeal, baking powder and 1/2 tsp of the salt; make a well in the center. Add the milk mixture and stir until fully incorporated.
Divide the batter among the muffin cups (about 1/4 cup each) and bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely.
Meanwhile, make the frosting: Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat, then cook, swirling the pan until the butter begins to brown and smell nutty, 3 to 4 minutes; remove from heat.
Using an electric mixer, beat the browned butter, confectioners' sugar, pinch of salt and the remaining 5 Tbsp milk and tsp vanilla until fluffy, 3 minutes.
To decorate: Working with 3 cupcakes at a time, frost, then arrange rows of jelly beans close together on each cupcake. Place them side by side on a plate or platter and insert the corn holders at each end so they resemble an ear of corn. Cut a fruit chew horizontally in half; flatten one half slightly and place on top of the corn to resemble a pat of butter. Sprinkle with the sanding sugars to mimic salt and pepper. Repeat with the remaining cupcakes.


2¾ c. all-purpose flour
3/4 c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 c.  cold unsalted butter
3 tbsp. cornstarch
¼ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
5 c. fresh bing cherries, pitted, or three 12-oz bags frozen pitted sweet cherries
½ c. dried cherries
¼ tsp. almond extract
2 tsp. whole milk
In a food processor, combine the flour, 1/4 cup of the sugar and 3/4 tsp of the salt. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add 4 Tbsp cold water and pulse until the dough begins to come together (if necessary, add more water 1 tsp at a time; do not overmix).
Divide the mixture between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Shape each piece of dough into a 1-in.-thick disk, wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Heat oven to 400°F. On a lightly floured surface, roll one disk into a 12-in. circle. Fit it into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-in. pie plate. If necessary, trim along the edge of the dough, leaving a 1/4-in. overhang. On a lightly floured surface, roll the other disk of dough into a 12-in. circle. Using a fluted pastry wheel, pizza wheel or paring knife, cut ten 1-in.-wide strips of dough.
Make the filling: In a bowl, combine the cornstarch, nutmeg, 1/2 cup of the sugar and the remaining 1/4 tsp salt. Add the cherries and almond extract and toss to combine. Spoon filling into pie plate.
Weave the pastry strips over the filling, trim, then crimp as desired.
Brush lattice with the milk and sprinkle with the remaining 1 Tbsp sugar. Place the pie on a rimmed baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes. Cover the edges of the crust with foil to prevent overbrowning and continue to bake until filling bubbles and crust is golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes more. Transfer pie to a wire rack and let cool for at least 1 hour. Serve warm or at room temperature.


¼ c. honey
2 c. heavy cream
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 lb. bittersweet chocolate
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
12 oz. butter tea biscuits (such as Lu or Social Tea)
Coat a 9-in springform pan with cooking spray. Line the bottom with parchment.
In a large saucepan, bring the honey, 1 1/2cups of the cream, and the butter to a simmer. Remove from heat and add 1 1/2 lb of the chocolate, stirring until the chocolate melts and mixture is smooth; stir in the vanilla.
Add the cookies and gently mix to combine. Spread the mixture evenly into the prepared pan, tapping gently to level and eliminate any bubbles. Refrigerate until set, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days.
Once the cake has set, make the glaze. In a small saucepan, heat the remaining 1/2 cup cream to a simmer. Remove from heat and add the remaining 1/2 lb chocolate, stirring until melted and smooth.
Remove the cake from the pan and invert onto a serving plate. Spread the glaze evenly over the top and sides of the cake.


1  refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crust (from a 15-oz box of 2)
2 c. roasted
1 c. dried cranberries
4 large eggs
½ c. each packed light-brown sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. stick butter
Heat oven to 350°F. Fit crust into a 9-in. pie plate. Flute edges
Reserve 1/2 cup mixed nuts and 1/4 cup dried cranberries in a bowl. Coarsely chop remaining nuts and cranberries. Spread evenly in crust
Whisk remaining ingredients in a medium bowl until blended. Pour over nut mixture. Decoratively place reserved nuts and cranberries on top
Bake 50 to 60 minutes until set. (If crust browns too quickly, cover loosely with foil.) Remove to a wire rack to cool.Planning Tip:


3 stick unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
2 tsp. ground cardamom
½ tsp. salt
1 large egg
4⅓ c. all-purpose flour
Decorating Icing (recipe below)
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. Just Whites (see Note)
⅓ c. water
Beat butter, sugars, vanilla, cardamom and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. Beat in egg until fluffy, then beat in flour on low speed just until blended.
Divide dough in thirds. Shape each third into a 1-in.-thick disk; wrap separately. Refrigerate 1 hour or until firm.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. You'll need a baking sheet(s).
On floured surface, roll out 1 disk at a time to 1/4-in. thickness. Using floured cutters, cut out snowmen and doves. For wreaths, cut out 3-in. rounds, then cut out center with 1-in. round. Cut out 8 (1 1/2-in.) holly leaves per wreath; arrange holly leaves on top of round, with stem ends toward the center hole. Score deep veins in leaves. Transfer shapes with a floured spatula 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet(s). Reroll and cut scraps only once.
Bake 11 to 13 minutes for snowmen and doves, and 16 to 18 minutes for wreaths, until cookies are golden at edges. Cool 1 to 2 minutes on sheet on a wire rack. Remove to rack to cool completely.
To make the icing: Beat confectioners' sugar and Just Whites in a large bowl with mixer on low speed until combined. Add water; beat until blended. Increase speed to high; beat 8 minutes or until icing is very thick and white. Makes 2 1/2 cups.
Thin icing for spreading by adding drops of water to tinted and white icing until just thin enough to spread. Leave some icing thick if making wreaths.
Spread black icing on hats and white icing on rest of cookie, leaving a slim edge of cookie showing all around and between hats and top of snowmen's heads. Let dry 3 hours. Dip paintbrush or a toothpick in black icing and paint on eyes and mouth. Dip a brush or toothpick in orange icing; paint on carrot nose. With dabs of icing, attach red candy sequin for hat flower and large blue for buttons.
Spread thinned white icing on cookies, leaving a slim edge of cookie showing all around. While wet, decorate wings and tail with almond slices. Let dry 3 hours. Dip paintbrush or a toothpick in yellow icing and paint on beaks. Dip a toothpick in white icing, apply to bird and add a small blue candy sequin eye.
Tint thick decorating icing pale green. Using a fine paintbrush, brush thick lines of icing on holly leaves, following the veins, pulling the icing up and out to resemble pine needles. Paint the exposed areas on the bottom round cookie with thinned green icing. While wet, attach pink dragées or candy balls to the spaces between leaves (see photo).
Let cookies dry at least 6 hours.


1 c. hazelnuts
.67 c. granulated sugar
2 stick  unsalted butter
2 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
2 c. all-purpose flour
Yolks from 4 large eggs
Red and green gel or liquid food color
You’ll also need: 2 fine artist’s brushes and 32 whole hazelnuts, natural or blanched
Make Cookies: Pulse toasted hazelnuts and sugar in food processor just until nuts are very finely chopped.
Add butter, vanilla and salt; pulse to blend. Add flour; pulse just until blended and a soft dough forms. Divide dough into fourths; shape each into a 4-in.-round disk. Wrap in plastic and chill 20 minutes.
Heat oven to 300°F. You'll need 2 baking sheets.
Make Cookie Paint: Place 2 yolks in each of 2 small cups. Tint one red and one green with food color.
Place 2 disks of dough on each ungreased baking sheet; sprinkle with a little flour. Pat or roll each disk into a 7-in. round, about 3/8 in. thick. Flute or crimp the edges of each round with your finger. With large knife, cut each round into 8 wedges (don't separate)
Using photo as guide, use cookie paint to paint simple swirls and dots or stripes on each wedge, as desired. Place a whole hazelnut near bottom of each wedge for tree trunk. Bake 1 sheet at a time (refrigerate remaining sheet) 35 minutes, or until pale-golden around edges. While hot, recut wedges. Cool slightly on baking sheet before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.


1½ c.  sweetened flaked coconut
1½ c.  chopped pecans
½ c. firmly packed light-brown sugar
½ stick  butter
1 box  Family-Style Chewy Fudge Brownies mix
2 c. heavy (whipping) cream
⅓ c. confectioners’ sugar
Heat oven to 350ºF. Line a 15 x 10-in. rimmed baking sheet with heavy-duty foil, letting foil extend above pan on both ends. Coat foil with nonstick spray.
Mix coconut, pecans, brown sugar and butter in a bowl until well blended; set aside.
Prepare brownie mix as package directs for cake-like brownies. Pour batter into prepared pan, spreading evenly. Top with coconut mixture.
Bake 25 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Lift foil by ends onto a cutting board. Cut brownie crosswise in thirds. Beat cream and confectioners' sugar in a large bowl with mixer on medium-high speed until moist, stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted.
To assemble: Place 1 brownie layer, nut side up, on a serving platter. Spread top with 1 cup whipped cream. Repeat with remaining layers and cream, ending with cake. Frost sides with remaining cream. Refrigerate at least 2 hours.
To serve: Cut with a serrated knife in 1-in. slices; cut each slice in half.


1  refrigerated ready-to-use pie crust (from a 15-oz box)
1 box  Family-Style Dark Chocolate Fudge Brownies mix
1 large egg
⅓ c.  butter
½ tsp. mint extract
1 package  snack-size chocolate-covered mint patties (12 patties)
1½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
¼ c. sugar
Garnish: fresh mint
Heat oven to 350ºF. Unroll or unfold pie crust on a lightly floured surface. Roll into a 13-in. round. Fit into a 9-in. pie plate; fold edge under and flute.
Combine brownie mix, egg, butter, 1⁄3 cup water and 1⁄4 tsp mint extract in a large bowl. Stir, as brownie mix package directs, until well blended. Spread 1 1⁄3 cups batter in pie crust. Place 10 mint patties, evenly spaced, on batter. Top with remaining batter, spreading to edge and covering patties.
Bake 45 minutes, covering crust with foil after 15 minutes to prevent over-browning. Cool on a wire rack until room temperature. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes.
Beat cream, sugar and remaining 1⁄4 tsp mint extract in a large bowl with mixer on medium-high speed until moist, stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Spread over pie. Cut remaining 2 patties in quarters; use with mint to garnish pie.


1 box  lemon bars supreme mix
3 large eggs, plus whites from 4 large eggs
½ pt. fresh raspberries
½ c. sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. Generously coat a 9-in. pie plate with nonstick spray.
Prepare filling and crust for lemon bars using the 3 whole eggs as mix directs. Press crust into pie plate. Bake as directed. Add filling; bake 22 minutes until done as package describes. Top with raspberries; bake 8 minutes.
Meanwhile, beat egg whites with mixer on low speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Increase speed to medium-high; beat in 1/2 cup sugar, 1 Tbsp at a time, beating after each addition until sugar dissolves and stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Spoon onto hot filling, mounding it in center and spreading it to touch crust around entire edge. Swirl decoratively.4. Bake 20 minutes, or until meringue is browned. Cool on a wire rack, then refrigerate at least 2 hours (see Note).
Meringue may settle slightly and beads of sugar caused by moisture from the berries may appear on top.




¾ c. golden raisins
2 stick  light (Land O’Lakes) or regular butter
½ c. each packed light brown sugar and granulated sugar
1 tbsp. pumpkin pie spice
2 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ tsp. baking soda
1 large egg
¾ c. canned pumpkin purée
2½ c. all-purpose flour
2½ c. confectioners’ sugar
6 tbsp. 1/3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
1 tbsp. milk
½ tsp. orange extract
Orange food color
Decoration: White nonpareils
Make cookies: Place raisins in small bowl; fill with hot water to cover. Let stand 10 minutes to soften; drain and reserve raisins.
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need a baking sheet(s) lightly coated with nonstick spray.
Beat butter, sugars, spice, vanilla and baking soda in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed 3 minutes or until fluffy. Beat in egg and pumpkin purée until well blended.
On low speed, gradually beat in flour until just blended. Stir in reserved raisins.
Drop level tablespoons of dough 1 in. apart onto greased baking sheet(s). Bake 14 to 16 minutes, until golden brown. Remove to rack to cool completely.
Make Frosting: Beat ingredients in a medium bowl with mixer on medium-low  speed until smooth; tint pastel orange with food color. Spread about 1 1/2 teaspoons frosting on each cookie. Sprinkle frosting with  nonpareils. Refrigerate cookies to set frosting.


⅓ c. unsalted shelled pistachios
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 c. dried apricots
¾ c. water
½ c. apricot preserves
1 box frozen puff pastry sheets
White from 1 large egg
40  unsalted shelled pistachios
Coarse white decorating sugar
Make Pistachio Sugar: Pulse pistachios and sugar in food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a small bowl and reserve.
Make Apricot Filling: Combine all filling ingredients in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 18 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until apricots are very tender. Transfer mixture to food processor and purée. Transfer to a small cup.
Make Pinwheels: Heat oven to 400°F. You'll need 2 baking sheets lined with nonstick foil or reusable baking sheet liners. Unfold 1 pastry sheet on lightly floured surface. Roll into a 15 1/2 x 12 1/2-in. rectangle. Using a fluted pastry wheel or pizza cutter, trim edges of pastry to 15 x 12-in. rectangle. Cut pastry lengthwise into 4 strips; cut each strip into 5 squares. Separate squares on surface. In each square, make 1 1/2-in.-long diagonal slits from all 4 corners, cutting toward center, taking care not to cut through.
Form Pinwheels: Place a level 1/2 teaspoon apricot filling in a mound in center of each square. Fold every other point of pastry square up and over center of filling, overlapping in middle of filling. Gently press points into filling to adhere. With small spatula, transfer pinwheels to one of the prepared baking sheets. Lightly brush with egg white; place a whole pistachio in each center. Sprinkle pinwheels with 1/2 teaspoon pistachio sugar and a light sprinkling of decorating sugar. Bake 10 to 12 minutes.
Repeat steps 3 and 4.


1  refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crust (from a 15-oz box)
½ c. plus 2 Tbsp all-purpose flour
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
⅓ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 stick cold butter
7  medium to large tart apples (about 3 1/4 lb), such as Granny Smith, Pippins or Greenings
1 tbsp. lemon juice
½ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
.13 tsp. ground nutmeg
Have ready a 9-in. pie plate and a baking sheet. Place oven rack in lowest position in oven. Heat oven to 450°F.
Make Crust: Line pie plate with pie crust as package directs. Flute or crimp edge.
Make Crumb Topping: Mix flour, sugars and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Cut in butter with a pastry blender (or rub in with fingertips) until mixture forms moist, coarse crumbs that clump together easily.
Make Filling: Peel, quarter and core apples. Cut in 1⁄8-in.-thick slices by hand (or with slicing disk of a food processor). Put into a large bowl. Toss with lemon juice to coat. Mix remaining ingredients in a small bowl. Sprinkle over apple slices; toss to coat.
Layer apple slices in pie shell, mounding them higher in center. Pat topping evenly over apples to form a top crust.
Place pie on the baking sheet to catch any drips. Bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°F and bake 45 minutes longer or until a skewer meets some resistance when center of pie is pierced (apples will continue to cook after pie is removed from oven) and topping is golden brown. If topping is browning too quickly, drape a piece of foil over pie. Cool pie completely on a wire rack before serving.


2¼ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
3 tbsp. plus 1 tsp lemon juice (grate peel first)
1 c. plus 1 Tbsp plain nonfat yogurt
1½ tbsp. plus 1/2 tsp grated lemon peel
5 tbsp. plus 1 tsp (1/3 cup) stick butter
1⅓ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs plus white of 1 large egg
1½ c. confectioners’ sugar
Garnish: small edible flowers (such as pansies; see Note)
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 12-cup bundt pan with nonstick spray.
Mix flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. In a small bowl, mix 3 Tbsp lemon juice with 1 cup yogurt.
Beat 1 1/2 Tbsp lemon peel and the butter in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. Beat in granulated sugar (mixture will look like damp sand), then eggs and egg white until incorporated. On low speed, beat in yogurt mixture, then flour mixture just until blended. Scrape batter into prepared pan; smooth top with a rubber spatula.
Bake 45 minutes or until a pick, preferably wooden, inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 15 minutes. Invert cake on rack and remove pan. Let cake cool completely.
Whisk confectioners' sugar, remaining 1 tsp lemon juice, 1/2 tsp peel and 1 Tbsp yogurt in a small bowl until smooth. Place rack with cake on wax paper. Spoon and spread glaze on cake, letting excess run down sides. Let stand until glaze sets. Transfer to serving plate; garnish with flowers.


1/2 c. plus 1 Tbsp sugar
2 tsp. cornstarch
4  ripe medium peaches (1 1/2 lb)
1 tbsp. lemon juice
1 tbsp. finely chopped crystallized ginger
½ pt. blackberries (1 cup)
1  refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crust (from a 15-oz box)
White from 1 large egg
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
.13 tsp. ground nutmeg
Heat oven to 400°F. Place 1 rack in middle. Have ready 4 single-serving size (10-oz capacity) oven-proof dessert dishes.
Mix 1/2 cup sugar and the cornstarch in a large bowl. Add peaches, lemon juice and ginger; toss gently to coat fruit. Let stand 15 minutes until juicy. Gently stir in blackberries; spoon fruit and juices into dessert dishes.
Brush pie crust with egg white. Mix remaining 1 Tbsp sugar, the cinnamon and nutmeg; sprinkle over crust. Using a pastry wheel or small sharp knife, cut crust in twenty 1/2-in.-wide strips. Arrange 4 strips (2 long strips cut in half), evenly spaced across top of fruit in each dish. Weave or place 4 more strips diagonally over first strips, to form a lattice, cutting longer strips in half. Trim as needed.
Place in oven; put a sheet of foil on lower rack to catch any drips. Bake 42 to 45 minutes until bubbly and crust is golden. Serve warm or at room temperature.


2 pt. chocolate peanut butter ice cream
2 pt. dulce de leche ice cream
8  fun-size peanut chocolate candy bars (such as Snickers)
8  peanut butter sandwich cookies
1 bottle  chocolate & peanut butter shell ice cream topping (Reese’s)
Coat a 12-cup bowl with nonstick spray; line with plastic wrap, extending wrap over sides by at least the width of the bowl. Have a rimmed baking sheet ready.
Cut carton off chocolate peanut butter ice cream. Cut ice cream in 3⁄4-in.-thick rounds. Place slices in bowl to cover bottom and side to 1-in from top, cutting slices to fit. With a spatula, fill gaps. Freeze 20 minutes, or until firm. Meanwhile, refrigerate dulce de leche ice cream to soften slightly.
Cut candy bars in 1⁄4-in.-thick slices (total 1 cup). Use a potato masher or large spoon to stir ice cream to soften evenly; stir in candy. Spoon ice cream into bowl; spread level. Sprinkle crushed cookie crumbs over top; press into ice cream. Fold plastic wrap over ice cream to cover. Freeze overnight, or up to 2 weeks.
Up to 1 day ahead: Cut cardboard or a paper plate to fit on crumbs. Invert bombe and cardboard together onto a wire rack over a rimmed baking sheet. Remove bowl and plastic wrap. Quickly smooth any wrinkles. If ice cream starts to melt, refreeze before coating. Pour most of shell coating over bombe, using spatula to spread evenly to coat. Garnish with a drizzle of remaining coating. Transfer to serving plate. Freeze until serving.




1 stick  butter
1¼ c. packed light-brown sugar
2 jar  baby-food strained carrots
1 large egg
1 tbsp. freshly grated orange peel
½ c. fresh orange juice
1 tsp. each baking soda and ground cinnamon
½ tsp. each salt and ground nutmeg
⅓ tsp. ground cloves
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. chopped walnuts
3 oz. 1/3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
2 tbsp. butter
1 tsp. freshly grated orange peel
2 tbsp. fresh orange juice
2½ c. confectioners' sugar
½ c. chopped walnuts
Heat oven to 350°F. Have baking sheet(s) ready.
Make cookies: Beat butter and sugar in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. Beat in next 9 ingredients (carrots through cloves) until blended (mixture may look curdled).
With mixer on low speed, beat in flour just until blended. Stir in the walnuts.
Drop by rounded tablespoons 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheet. Bake 10 to 12 minutes until tops look dry. Cool on baking sheet 1 minute before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.
Make Icing: Beat cream cheese, butter, orange peel and juice until creamy. Beat in confectioners' sugar until blended and smooth. Spread about 1 1/2 tsp on each cookie; sprinkle with walnuts. Let icing set 1 to 2 hours.


2 package  coconut macaroons (we used Archway)
3 c.  raspberry sherbet
2 pt. vanilla ice cream
3 c.  orange sherbet
Garnish: pretty iced cookies
Line a 13 x 9 x 2-in. pan with foil, letting foil extend about 2 in. above pan at both ends. Lightly coat with nonstick spray.
Line bottom of the pan with macaroons; press to flatten and form a layer. Freeze 20 minutes, or until firm. Meanwhile, refrigerate raspberry sherbet and 1 pt vanilla ice cream to soften slightly.
Drop spoonfuls of softened sherbet and ice cream into crust, alternating flavors and packing them down as you go. Freeze 2 hours, or until firm.
Repeat with orange sherbet and remaining vanilla ice cream. Freeze 30 minutes to set, then swirl surface decoratively. Freeze 6 hours, or until hard, and serve, or wrap airtight and freeze up to 2 weeks.
Lift foil by ends onto cutting board; remove foil. Cut in 9 bars; cut bars in half diagonally to make wedges.


1 box  spice cake mix
1 c. pumpkin purée (not pumpkin pie mix)
3 large eggs
1 c. water
2 stick butter
1 jar marshmallow cream (such as Marshmallow Fluff or Creme)
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
½ tsp. each maple extract and vanilla extract
Garnish: marzipan pumpkins and vines (see Note)
Heat oven to 350ºF. Coat two 8 x 2-in. round baking pans with nonstick cooking spray. Line bottoms with wax paper; spray paper.
Make Cake: Beat cake mix, pumpkin purée, eggs and water in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed for 2 minutes. Divide batter between pans.
Bake 30 minutes, or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Invert, remove pans, peel off paper and cool completely.
Meanwhile, make Frosting: Beat butter in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until creamy. Beat in marshmallow cream until blended, then beat in confectioners' sugar and extracts. Increase speed to high and beat about 3 minutes or until fluffy.
Assemble: Cut off rounded tops of each cake layer to make flat, if desired. Place a cake layer, top side up, on a serving platter. Spread with 1/2 cup frosting. Place remaining cake layer, top side up, on top. Frost sides and top with remaining frosting. Store, loosely covered, in refrigerator up to 2 days. Let come to room temperature before serving. Garnish with marzipan pumpkins and vines.


1 pt. chocolate ice cream
3  milk-chocolate candy bars (1.55 oz each)
½ c. walnuts
½ c. miniature marshmallows
5  wafer ice cream cups
Line 2 baking sheets with foil. Using an ice cream scoop, drop 5 balls ice cream onto 1 baking sheet (see Note). Freeze until firm.
Mix chocolate, walnuts and marshmallows in a medium bowl until well  blended. One at a time, add each ball of ice cream, pressing and rolling  until completely covered. Place on the other baking sheet. Freeze 2 hours until hard and serve, or wrap airtight and freeze up to 2 weeks.
To serve: Put a scoop in each cone.


½ c. natural (with skin) sliced almonds
1 can or tube (7 or 8 oz) almond paste
¾ stick  butter
2 tbsp. honey
1 tbsp. freshly grated lemon zest
13  almond toast cookies (Stella D'oro)
2 c. sweetened flaked coconut
You'll need a 13 x 9-in. baking pan lined with nonstick foil to extend about 2 in. above narrow ends of pan.
Toast almonds in a nonstick skillet over medium heat for 5 minutes, stirring often. Remove from skillet.
In the same skillet, heat almond paste and butter over medium-low heat, stirring occasionally, until melted and butter is almost fully absorbed by the almond paste. Remove from heat; stir in honey and lemon zest to blend.
Place almond toast crumbs (you should have 2 1/4 cups) and coconut in a large bowl. Add almond paste mixture and knead with your hands or back of a wooden spoon to blend. Turn into prepared pan and spread into an even layer. Sprinkle top evenly with toasted almonds. Cover with wax paper and gently press into an even, compact layer. Leave wax paper in place; refrigerate at least 1 1/2 hours or until firm.
Lift foil by ends onto cutting board. Cut crosswise in 6 strips. Cut each strip in 4 squares, then diagonally in half.


1 can  cream of coconut (not coconut milk)
1 envelope unflavored gelatin
1  frozen family-size poundcake (16 oz)
1 tub  frozen whipped topping
1½ c. sweetened flaked coconut; chop 1/2 cup
.67 c. bottled lemon curd
Garnish: lemon slices
Coat an 8- or 9-in. springform pan with nonstick spray.
Scrape cream of coconut into a bowl. Sprinkle gelatin over 1/4 cup cold water in a medium saucepan. Let stand 1 minute, then stir with a heatproof plastic spatula over medium-low heat until gelatin completely dissolves and liquid begins to steam. Stir in 1/2 the cream of coconut, heat until warm, then stir into cream of coconut left in bowl. Refrigerate, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes or until consistency of egg whites.
Meanwhile cut crust off poundcake so cake resembles a yellow brick. Cut cake crosswise in 18 equal slices. Cut each slice diagonally to form 36 triangles. Cover bottom of pan with 1/2 the triangles, trimming to fit as needed.
Stir a large spoonful topping into gelatin mixture. Fold in remaining topping until blended. Spoon 1 cup into a small bowl, cover, refrigerate and reserve. Fold chopped coconut and lemon curd into remaining mousse.
Spoon 1/2 the mousse onto cake in pan; spread evenly. Top with remaining cake, cut to fit, then remaining mousse. Cover pan and refrigerate at least 5 hours or until mousse is firm.
To serve: Remove pan sides. Using broad spatulas, lift cake off pan base onto serving platter. Stir reserved mousse to soften. Spread in a thin layer over cake. Press remaining coconut onto sides and sprinkle on top; garnish with lemon slices.


1  sheet frozen puff pastry
⅓ c. orange marmalade
½ bar 3.5 oz bittersweet dark chocolate with orange (such as Green & Black’s Maya Gold)
White from 1 large egg, lightly beaten
2 tbsp. chopped hazelnuts
2 tsp. sugar
Garnish: orange slices, orange leaves or fresh bay leaves
Heat oven to 375ºF. You'll need a large baking sheet.
Roll out pastry on lightly floured surface with floured rolling pin to 12 x 9-in. rectangle. Cut in half lengthwise.
Place one piece on baking sheet; spread with marmalade, leaving a 1/2-in. border, and sprinkle with chocolate. Fold second piece in half lengthwise. Cut slits through fold at 1/2-in. intervals to 1/2 in. from edge; unfold. Moisten edges of pastry on baking sheet with water. Top with the slit piece; gently press edges to seal top to bottom.
Lightly brush top with beaten egg white; sprinkle with hazelnuts and sugar. Bake 25 minutes until pastry is puffed and golden. Cool 5 minutes; remove to rack to cool slightly. Store at room temperature, loosely covered, up to 1 day.


1 c. Southwestern Egg Beaters
½ c. milk
3 tbsp. cornstarch
1 can  cream-style corn
1 can  Mexicorn (corn, red and green bell peppers)
⅓ c. shredded Mexican cheese blend
Garnish: chopped scallions
Heat oven to 350ºF. Coat a shallow 1 1/2-qt baking dish with nonstick spray.
Whisk egg beaters, milk and cornstarch in large bowl. Stir in corn and pour into prepared baking dish. Sprinkle top with cheese.
Bake, uncovered, 40 minutes or until top is golden and knife inserted in center comes out clean. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. Sprinkle with scallions.


1⅓ c.  semisweet chocolate chips
4 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1 stick  unsalted butter
61  saltine crackers
1 can  fat-free sweetened condensed milk (not evaporated milk)
3 c. bite-size pretzels
You'll need a 9-in. square baking pan lined with nonstick foil to extend about 2 in. above opposite ends of pan.
Melt both chocolates and the butter in a large bowl in microwave or in a heavy saucepan over medium-low heat, stirring often, until blended and smooth. Remove from heat; stir in cracker crumbs (you should have 2 cups) and milk until blended. Fold in 2 cups pretzels.
Spread evenly in prepared pan. Lay remaining pretzels on top. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 1/2 hours or until firm.
Lift foil by ends onto cutting board. Cut into 6 strips, then cut each strip into 6 squares.


4 whole graham crackers (2 squares each)
2 tbsp. stick butter
3 bar 1⁄3-less-fat cream cheese (Neufchâtel)
1 c. sugar
3 large eggs
¾ c. reduced-fat sour cream
½ tsp. finely grated orange peel
1 tbsp. orange juice
3 oz. semisweet baking chocolate
2 tbsp. stick butter
1 tbsp. corn syrup
½ tsp. vanilla extract
Decoration: mint sprigs and fresh raspberries
Heat oven to 325°F. Coat an 8-in. springform pan with nonstick spray.
Make Crust: Break graham crackers into food processor and pulse until fine crumbs form. Or crush crackers to fine crumbs in a plastic food bag with a rolling pin. Transfer to prepared pan. Stir in butter until blended; press firmly over bottom of pan.
Make Filling: Beat cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, just until blended. Beat in sour cream and grated orange peel and juice until combined. Pour over Crust.
Bake 45 minutes or until edge of cheesecake puffs slightly and center still jiggles slightly when shaken. Turn off oven (leave door closed); let cake cool in oven 1 hour.
Carefully run a thin knife around edge of pan to release cheesecake. Cool in pan on a wire rack.
Make Glaze: Stir ingredients in a small saucepan over low heat until smooth. Remove from heat; let cool slightly.
Remove pan sides; place cheesecake on serving plate. Spread glaze on top, creating pattern with back of a spoon. Place in a cake keeper or cover with a pot and refrigerate at least 4 hours or up to 3 days.
About 1 hour before serving: Decorate cake with mint and raspberries. Leave at room temperature until serving.


1 package  frozen poundcake
1½ tsp. almond extract
1 tub  frozen extra-creamy whipped topping
1  qt plus 1/2 pt strawberries
¼ c. plus 1 Tbsp strawberry spreadable fruit (All-Fruit)
7 c.  strawberry ice cream
Coat an 8 x 3 or 9-in. springform pan with nonstick spray.
Cut cake in 1/2-in.-thick slices. Cut slices in half diagonally. Fit about 1/2 the triangles to cover bottom of prepared pan.
Fold extract into topping. Spread 1/2 cup on cake in pan.
Slice 1 qt strawberries into a bowl; stir in 1/4 cup spreadable fruit. Spread 1 cup over topping in pan; freeze 30 minutes until set. Meanwhile, slightly soften 3 1/2 cups ice cream.
Drop spoonfuls softened ice cream on berries, then spread, taking care not mix in the berries. Top with most of remaining cake (set aside some for decoration). Spread with 1/2 cup topping. Spoon berries left in bowl evenly over topping; freeze 1 hour. Meanwhile, refrigerate remaining ice cream to soften.
Spoon on berries; spread to edges. Freeze at least 4 hours.
Slice 1/2 pt berries. Mix with remaining spreadable fruit.
Remove pan sides. Loosen cake from base; slide onto serving plate. Spread 1 cup topping on sides. Spoon rest on top. Top with rest of berries. Cut reserved cake in small triangles; place decoratively on cake. Serve, or wrap airtight and freeze.
To serve: Transfer pie to refrigerator to thaw slightly.


12  chocolate Swiss roll cakes
1  brick (8 oz) cream cheese
2 box  European Style Milk Chocolate Mousse Mix
Lightly coat an 8 x 3-in. springform pan with nonstick spray.  Slice each cake into seven 1⁄4-in.-thick rounds. Arrange 2 rows around  side of pan. Fit remaining slices to cover bottom of pan.
Beat cream cheese and 1⁄4 cup sugar in a large bowl with mixer on  medium speed until smooth and fluffy. Prepare both boxes of mousse mix  as label directs, using only 1 cup cold water total instead of the milk.
Fold 1⁄4 the mousse into the cream cheese mixture until no white  streaks remain. Fold in remaining mousse until blended. Spoon into lined  pan. Cover and refrigerate 8 hours, or overnight. To serve, remove pan  sides.
Add 1⁄4 tsp mint extract to the mousse.
Nestlé  mousse mix also comes in Milk Chocolate Irish Creme, Dark Chocolate and  Mocha, any of which could be substituted.
Garnish with dollops of  whipped cream or additional slices of cake.


1 bar 70% cocoa dark chocolate
1  roll refrigerated chocolate chip cookie dough
.67 c. cherry-flavor Craisins
2 tbsp. sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. You'll need a baking sheet. Melt chocolate in microwave on medium or in a saucepan over very low heat.
Break dough in chunks into a medium bowl. Add melted chocolate (no need to cool) and Craisins; stir with a wooden spoon until blended.
Put sugar in small bowl. Roll 1/4-cupfulls dough into balls. Roll in sugar to coat. Place 2 1/2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet. Flatten cookies with bottom of measuring cup to 2 1/2-inch rounds.
Bake 14 to 16 minutes until tops of cookies look dry and crackled. (Cookies will still be very soft.) Let cool on sheet on a wire rack 2 minutes before removing to rack to cool completely.
Add 1/3 cup chopped toasted almonds to dough before baking.


Biscuits
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 stick  cold butter
⅓ c. dried sweetened cranberries
¾ c. milk
Strawberry Butter
½ stick  butter
1 tbsp. strawberry spreadable fruit
1 tbsp. honey
Heat oven to 425°F. Have ready a 3-in. flower-shaped, scalloped or round cookie cutter and a baking sheet.
Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl until blended. Using a pastry blender, cut butter into flour mixture until it resembles cornmeal with some ti­ny pieces of butter remaining. Stir in cran­­berries. Add milk and stir with a fork un­­til dough clumps together. Gather into a ball.
Place on a floured work surface; knead lightly about 5 times. With a roll­ing pin, roll out to 1⁄2 in. thick. Using cutter, cut out biscuits; place on ungreased ba­king sheet. Gather scraps, reroll and cut more biscuits.
Bake 9 to 11 minutes or until bottoms are lightly browned and tops are pale golden. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
Mix ingredients until blended. Spoon into a serving dish.6. Cut biscuits in half; serve with the butter.


½ c. butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. ground nutmeg
½ tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
1 c. mashed overripe bananas
1 can crushed pineapple in juice
1⅓ c. all-purpose flour
6 tbsp. butter
1  brick cream cheese
3½ c. confectioners' sugar
To decorate: green, blue, pink and yellow paste (gel) food color, 4 quart-size plastic freezer bags, 12 thin pretzel sticks, 12 semisweet chocolate mini Kisses and tiny flower candies
Heat oven to 375°F. Line 12 regular-size (2 1/2-inch diameter) muffin cups with foil or paper liners.
In a large bowl, beat butter, sugar, cinnamon, baking soda, nutmeg, vanilla, and salt with mixer on high speed 1 minute or un­til well blended. Add eggs; beat 2 minutes or until fluffy. Reduce speed to low; beat in bananas and pineapple (batter will look curdled), then flour just until blended. Spoon into lined muffin cups (they'll be full).
Bake 18 to 22 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes, then remove cupcakes from pan to rack to cool completely.
Frosting:
To decorate:
Peel liners off cupcakes; place on a flat tray. Working with 1 color frosting at a time, drop a heaping tsp on 4 cupcakes; spoon remainder into a plastic bag. Snip 1/8-inch tip off corner of bag and pipe lines of frosting to simulate thatch for roof as shown (see larger photo, page 118). Snip tip off corner of bag with green frosting; pipe grass around base of cupcakes. Insert pretzels and Kisses; press flowers on grass.


1½ c. whipped vanilla frosting (from a 12-ounce can)
Red paste (icing) or gel food color
12  unfrosted cupcakes
Stems: 3 small unwrapped Tootsie Roll candies, cut lengthwise in quarters
Leaves: 12 gumdrop spearmint leaves
12  gummy worms
You also need: a 1-quart–size plastic ziptop bag and a drinking straw
Tint frosting red. Spoon into the plastic bag, snip tip off 1 bottom corner and pipe outline of apple on top of each cupcake. Pipe frosting within outline to fill, then spread frosting evenly with a small spatula or back of a teaspoon.
Press a Tootsie Roll stem and gumdrop leaf onto each apple.
Worm hole:


½ c. orange juice
2 tbsp. packed light-brown sugar
1 tbsp. lemon juice
4 medium bananas
1 tbsp. no–trans-fat spread
Heat oven to 400°F. Have ready a shallow baking dish large enough to hold bananas in 1 layer.
Put orange juice, sugar, and lemon juice in dish; stir to mix. Peel bananas, cut in half lengthwise, then crosswise. Add to dish; toss to coat. Dot with the spread.
Bake uncovered 14 minutes or until bananas are soft when pierced and liquid bubbles around edges. Serve the bananas hot with the juices.
Serve with ham, or for dessert with lowfat frozen yogurt.


2 stick unsalted butter
1  brick cream cheese
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. fig preserves
1½ c. sweetened shredded coconut
½ c. semisweet chocolate mini-chips
4 tbsp. granulated sugar
Decoration: white coarse (crystal) sugar
Pastry:
Divide dough in quarters. Shape each portion into a 1-inch-thick disk. Wrap individually; refrigerate at least 4 hours until firm enough to roll out
Heat oven to 350°F. Place oven rack in upper third of oven
Melt preserves in microwave or a saucepan over low heat (strain if chunky).
On floured surface, roll 1 disk into a 10-inch circle. Brush with a quarter the preserves (it will barely cover dough). Sprinkle with 6 tablespoons coconut, 2 tablespoons chocolate chips and 1 tablespoons granulated sugar. Gently press so fillings adhere to dough. With a pizza wheel or knife, cut circle in 12 wedges. Roll up from wide edge to point. Place 2 inch apart on ungreased baking sheet(s); sprinkle wedges with coarse sugar.
Bake in upper third of oven 18 to 22 minutes or until golden brown. Remove to a wire rack to cool. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.


6  baking apples
¾ c. unsalted mixed nuts
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
Heat oven to 350°F. Have ready an ungreased shallow 2-quart baking dish.
Core apples without cutting through bottom, making cavity about 1 inch wide. Using a vegetable peeler, peel a 1-inch strip around top.
Mix nuts and sugar. Stuff into cavities and place in baking dish; drizzle apples with 2 tablespoons water.
Bake 45 to 55 minutes until apples are tender when pierced with a knife. Serve warm or at room temperature.




1 box  refrigerated ready-to-bake pie crust (2-crust package)
White from 1 large egg mixed with 1 Tbsp water
3 whole cloves
4½ c. fresh miniature marshmallows
1½ c. canned 100% pure pumpkin
1½ tsp. pumpkin pie spice
.13 tsp. salt
1½ c. heavy (whipping) cream
Garnish: whipped heavy cream
Heat oven to 450°F. Have ready a 9-in. pie plate, a 11⁄2-in. leaf-shape cookie cutter and 2 wooden skewers. Lightly coat a baking sheet with nonstick spray.
Line pie plate with 1 pie crust; brush with some of the egg white mixture. Flute or crimp edges. Bake crust as package directs. Cool shell before filling.
Meanwhile make Decorations: Unfold remaining pie crust. Divide 1⁄4 the circle into 3 equal pieces. Pumpkins: Roll each piece into a ball. Insert a clove pointed end up in top of each for a stem. Press back of a knife lengthwise in 5 or 6 places around pumpkins to form sections. Place on prepared baking sheet. Leaves: With cookie cutter cut out 12 leaves from 1⁄2 circle of remaining dough. Place 1 in. apart on baking sheet. Vines: Cut four long 1⁄8-in.-thick strips from remaining dough. Lightly coat wooden s
Brush pumpkins and leaves with egg white mixture. Bake vines 4 minutes, leaves 5 minutes and pumpkins 10 minutes, removing them from the oven to a wire rack as they brown. Let cool completely on rack.
Put ingredients, except cream, in a 3-qt saucepan. Stir over low heat 4 to 5 minutes until marshmallows melt and mixture is smooth. Let cool.
Beat cream in a large bowl with mixer on high speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Fold into pumpkin mixture. Pour into pie shell. Cover and refrigerate until firm enough to cut, 24 hours or up to 3 days.
Just before serving: Garnish with whipped cream, pumpkins, leaves and vines.


Crust
20  shortbread cookies (such as Lorna Doone)
¾ c. toasted hazelnuts 
¼ c. sugar
3 tbsp. cold butter
FILLING
3  bricks (8 oz each) cream cheese
1 c. sugar
3 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. ground nutmeg
3 large eggs
1 c. canned or refrigerated eggnog
¼ c. dark rum
Garnish: Candied Cranberries and Sugared Rosemary
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat an 8-in. springform pan with nonstick spray.
Crust: In a food processor, process cookies, hazelnuts and sugar until cookies and nuts are finely chopped. Add butter; pulse until blended. Press over bottom and 11⁄2 in. up sides of prepared pan. Freeze until ready to fill.
Filling: Beat cream cheese, sugar, cornstarch and nutmeg in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until smooth. Beat in eggs until blended, scraping sides of bowl twice. Beat in eggnog and rum. Pour into prepared pan.
Bake 45 minutes or until light brown around edges and center still jiggles. Turn oven off; leave cake in oven 1 hour.
Cool cake in pan on a wire rack. Run a long, thin knife between cake and pan sides. Refrigerate in pan at least 4 hours.
To serve: Remove pan sides. Decorate top of cake with a border of Candied Cranberries and Sugared Rosemary.
Candied Cranberries: Bring 1⁄2 cup each cranberries, sugar and water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Simmer uncovered 5 minutes or until berries pop. Drain,then roll berries in sugar to coat.
Sugared Rosemary: Rinse fresh rosemary sprigs; pat dry. Brush leaves with warmed light corn syrup and immediately roll in granulated sugar. Store on a sugar-lined tray at room temperature.
Note: Spread hazelnuts in a baking pan. Bake at 350°F 8 to 10 minutes until toasted and papery skins begin to flake. Turn out onto a towel; rub off skins.


.67 c. sugar
3½ tbsp. cornstarch
3½ tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 c. 1% lowfat milk
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
⅓ c. semisweet chocolate chips
One 6-oz ready-to-fill graham-cracker crust
1½ c. thawed frozen reduced-calorie whipped topping
Whisk sugar, cornstarch and cocoa in a 2-qt saucepan until blended. Slowly whisk in milk. Stir over medium heat, taking care to get into corners of pan, until mixture comes to a boil and thickens. Boil, stirring, 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Add vanilla and chocolate chips; stir until chips melt.
Scrape into pie crust; smooth top (pudding won't come to top). Cover surface with wax paper (to keep skin from forming). Refrigerate 1 1⁄2 hours or until cold.
To serve: Swirl topping over pudding.If desired, sprinkle the pie with grated chocolate.


3 tbsp. trans-fatty-acid–free spread (such as Smart Balance) or butter
1 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1 c. sugar
1 large egg and whites of 2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
Heat oven to 350°F. Line an 8-in. square pan with foil, letting foil extend about 2 in. above pan at opposite sides. Coat with nonstick spray
Melt spread and chocolate in a medium saucepan. Remove from heat; stir in sugar. Briskly whisk in egg, egg whites and vanilla extract. Gently stir in remaining ingredients. Spoon into prepared pan (batter is thick); smooth surface
Bake 20 to 25 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out with some crumbs attached. Cool in pan on a wire rack 5 minutes. Holding foil, lift from pan to a wire rack to cool. Transfer to a cutting board; cut in 12 bars.Store airtight at room temperature up to 1 week or freeze up to 2 months.


6  long strips orange peel
½ c. fresh orange juice
3 c. water
12 small ripe, firm pears (such as Bartlett, Bosc or Forelle)
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 qt. each vanilla and chocolate ice cream
Decoration: Chocolate Leaves (directions below)
Have ready a pot large enough to hold pears upright in a single layer.
Evenly trim edges of orange peel strips with scissors. Cut each strip in half lengthwise to make 12 long strips.
Put orange juice and water in a large bowl. As you peel pears, leaving stems on, place them in orange water to prevent browning. Drain orange water into pot; stir in sugar and vanilla. Stand pears in pot; add strips of orange peel.
Cover, bring to a gentle boil, reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes or until pears are tender when pierced at bottom. Cool in pot. Refrigerate pears and peel in syrup.
To serve: Have ready 12 dessert plates. Remove pears and peel from syrup with a slotted spoon. Stand pears on paper towels to drain slightly. Cut a slit in top of each. Spoon melted vanilla ice cream on half of each plate, melted chocolate ice cream on the other half. With a toothpick, starting in middle of each plate, draw a spiral through both ice creams in increasingly larger circles to edge of plate. Set a pear in center, spiral a strip of peel around each pear and insert a chocolate leaf in slit.


Football field: 1 box (16 oz) poundcake mix
Players: 22 Teddy Grahams cookies
2 tub  vanilla frosting
Blue, red, yellow and green liquid or paste food color
light corn syrup
Bleachers: 3 Tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder, 88 Biscos creme-filled sugar wafers (you need about 1 1⁄4 boxes, 8 1⁄2 oz each) and 6 sticks each cinnamon and wintergreen gum
Pebbles: tiny candies (we used Nerds)
Pennants and goal posts: 1 roll Fruit by the Foot and thin pretzel sticks
2  disposable decorating bags (see Note)
½ c. confectioners’ sugar
Foil-wrapped chocolate footballs (optional)
For assembling and serving the cake, have ready a platter or a foil-covered board or baking sheet at least 16 x 12 in. Fold a 10 x 6-in. sheet of foil cross­wise to get 11 equally spaced creases, unfold and gently press foil flat. Set aside.
Heat oven to 325°F. Coat a 13 x 9-in. baking pan with nonstick spray; line bottom with wax paper. Prepare cake batter as box directs; spread in lined pan.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack 10 min­utes. Run a thin knife around edges of cake to loosen; invert cake on rack. Remove wax paper, turn right side up and cool completely.
Players: Put 1 Tbsp frosting into each of 4 small bowls. Tint 1 blue, 1 red, 1 yellow and 1 orange (mix red and yellow). If needed, add drops of corn syrup until spreading con­sistency. With a toothpick or small paintbrush, paint helmets, uniforms and eyes on bears, letting first color dry at least 30 minutes before adding the second. Let dry completely.
Bleachers: Put 1 cup frosting into a medium bowl; stir in cocoa until blended. Assemble bleachers on wax paper.
: Using brown frosting as glue, spread a thin layer on 1 long side of a sugar wafer; press long side of another wafer onto frosting. Repeat twice (4 wafers glued side by side). Repeat with another 4 wafers. Glue end to end against first 4 wafers to get a rectangle about 5 x 3 in. Spread top of rectangle with a thin layer of frosting. Top with another layer of 8 wafers glued together. Repeat until you have 4 layers.
: For top row, glue 3 wafers on top of each other. Repeat with another stack of 3. Glue stacks end to end on top of 1 long side of bleacher. For next row, repeat with 2 stacks, 2 wafers in each; for last row of benches, glue 2 wafers end to end. Coat bleacher with brown frosting. Press sticks of gum on benches. Sprinkle pebbles on base. Repeat for second bleacher.
Pennants: Cut Fruit by the Foot into four 4-in.-long strips. Place shiny (sticky) side up. Put end of a pretzel stick in center of each. Fold in half around pretzel, pressing firmly so strip sticks together. Cut V in each. Goal posts: Fold remaining Fruit by the Foot in half lengthwise twice. Press firmly to stick together. Cut in half crosswise; wrap ends tightly around pretzels.
Football field: Place cake on serving tray. Tuck strips of wax paper around edge of cake (to keep tray free of frosting). Center creased foil on cake. Spread a thin layer of white frosting on uncovered area to set crumbs. Let dry 15 minutes. Frost cake, going slightly over edge of foil to hold it in place. With a pick, poke holes along crease lines; gently peel foil off cake.
Spoon 1⁄3 cup frosting into decorating bag fitted with plain piping tip. Pipe outline of football field and yard lines, refilling bag as needed.
Scrape remaining frosting into a medium bowl, stir in confectioners' sugar until blended, then tint green. Spoon into bag fitted with the #233 decorating tip and pipe grass between yard lines (see Tip). Carefully pull out strips of wax paper.
Press bears, pennants and goal posts in­to field. Scatter football candies around. Set bleachers in place.
: To pipe without a decorating bag and piping tip in Step 9: Put frosting into a qt-size ziptop bag, seal, cut tip off a corner and pipe as directed. To substitute tinted coconut for piped grass in Step 9: Put 1 cup sweetened flaked coconut in a food processor. Add 4 drops liquid green food color and pulse until evenly tinted. Sprinkle between yard lines.
: To pipe grass, hold bag with piping tip close to cake. Gently squeeze out frosting, then stop squeezing and pull up quickly. Practice on wax paper, scraping up and reusing the frosting.


Crust
2¾ c. all-purpose flour
1 stick  cold butter
⅓ c. confectioners’ sugar
Yolk of 1 large egg
FILLING
½ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
¼ c. heavy (whipping) cream
1 tbsp. freshly grated lime peel
⅓ c. each fresh lemon and lime juice
4 drop green food color
¾ c. heavy (whipping) cream
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
To decorate you also need: a decorating bag fitted with a star tip, candied lime peel (directions follow) or plain strips of lime peel, raspberries, mint sprigs and confectioners’ sugar
Have ready an ungreased 9-in. fluted tart pan with removable bottom
Crust: In food processor or with mixer, process or beat ingredients until they clump together. With lightly floured fingers, press dough evenly over bottom and up sides to about 1⁄8 in. above top of rim. Prick dough with a fork, then chill in freezer at least 15 minutes.
Heat oven to 400°F. Place tart pan on a rimmed baking sheet; bake crust 18 minutes or until golden, then remove both from oven.
Filling: Reduce oven temperature to 350°F. Mix granulated sugar and flour in a large bowl; whisk in eggs and heavy cream until blended. Stir in remaining ingredients. Pour into warm crust (see Tip).
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until filling has puffed around edges and is firm when lightly touched in center. Cool completely in tart pan on a wire rack. Cover and refrigerate until cold, about 3 hours.
Up to 1 hour before serving: Place tart pan on a small, sturdy bowl; let pan sides fall down. Place tart on a serving plate. Beat cream and sugar in a medium bowl with mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. Spoon cream into decorating bag; pipe rosettes around edge of tart. Garnish with candied lime peel, raspberries and mint. Refrigerate until just before serving.
Just before serving: Dust tart with confectioners' sugar.
To candy lime peel: Remove green part of peel from lime in strips with a vegetable peeler. Cut in narrow strips. Bring to a boil in a small saucepan in water to cover; drain and repeat twice.
In same saucepan bring lime peel and light corn syrup to cover to a boil, reduce heat and simmer 3 minutes or until peel is translucent. Place granulated sugar on a plate; coat 2 forks with nonstick spray. Lift a few lime strips at a time, letting excess syrup drip back into saucepan. Place strips on sugar; roll each to coat. Continue with remaining strips.


¼ c. sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 large egg
½ c. 1% lowfat milk
20  red starlight mint candies
2 c. frozen lite whipped topping
⅓ c. white chocolate chips
Garnish: candy canes
Whisk sugar, cornstarch and egg in a medium saucepan. Slowly whisk in milk, then mints. Bring to a boil, gently stirring bottom of pan until mixture boils. Boil 2 minutes. Pour into a medium bowl; cover surface directly with plastic wrap. Refrigerate 1 hour or until cold. Fold in topping.
Meanwhile place a sheet of wax paper on a baking sheet. Spoon chocolate into qt-size ziptop bag; cut 1⁄4 in. off a corner and pipe decorations onto the wax paper. Refrigerate or freeze until firm.
To serve: Spoon mousse into dessert glasses. Garnish with chocolate decorations and candy canes.


1 c. fresh or frozen cranberries
⅓ c. granulated sugar
Four 1⁄2-in. slices light fat-free poundcake (Entenmann’s)
⅓ c. lowfat vanilla ice cream
2 tsp. confectioners’ sugar
1 c. fresh pineapple chunks
2  kiwi
Cranberry Sauce: Cook cranberries, sugar and 1⁄2 cup water in a covered pan 10 minutes. Press through a strainer into a bowl
Spoon onto 4 dessert plates. With a 3-in. star-shape cutter, cut a star from each cake slice; save scraps. Pile scraps on sauce and top with 1⁄3 cup ice cream and a star sprinkled with sugar. Surround with the fruit.


8 oz. unsweetened baking chocolate
1½ stick  butter or margarine (not spread)
2 c. sugar
4 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1¼ c. chopped walnuts
1¼ c. white chocolate chips
Heat oven to 350°F. Line a 13 x 9-in. baking pan with foil, letting foil extend about 2 in. at ends; grease foil.
Microwave chocolate and butter in a medium bowl on high 1 minute, then stir. Repeat at 30-second intervals until melted and smooth. (Or melt chocolate and butter in a saucepan over low heat, stirring until smooth.) Let cool until warm.
Beat sugar, eggs and vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium-high 3 minutes until pale. Beat in chocolate mixture. Stir in flour, baking powder and 1 cup each nuts and chips. Spread in prepared pan; sprinkle with rest of nuts and chips.
Bake 30 minutes or until a pick inserted in center comes out with moist crumbs attached. Remove pan to a wire rack to cool completely. Lift foil by ends onto cutting board. Cut brownie into 24 bars.




1 stick  butter or margarine (not spread)
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
1¼ c. mashed very ripe bananas (about 2 large)
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips (6 ounces)
½ c. chopped walnuts
Heat oven to 350°F. Grease a 9 x 5-inch loaf pan.
Beat butter,  sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl with electric  mixer until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs one at a time until blended.  Beat in bananas and extract. With mixer on low speed, gradually beat in  flour just until blended. Stir in chocolate chips and nuts. Pour into  prepared pan.
Bake 60 to 65 minutes until a pick inserted in center  comes out clean. Cool in pan on rack 5 minutes before removing from pan  to rack to cool completely.




2 c. orange juice
1 c. honey
1  star anise
1  vanilla bean
8  seedless oranges
vanilla ice cream
In a medium pot, bring 2 cups water, juice, honey, star anise, and vanilla bean and seeds to a boil. Remove from heat and let sit for 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 225 degrees F. Layer oranges in a 9- by 13-inch baking dish. Pour poaching liquid over oranges. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 2 hours. Let cool, then refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.
Divide oranges among bowls. Add ice cream and top with a few tablespoons of poaching liquid.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
1 c. walnuts
1½ stick unsalted butter
4 oz. cream cheese
¾ c. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour and salt. Add chopped walnuts and stir to combine. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together butter, cream cheese, and sugar on medium speed until light yellow and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Add vanilla and mix for 1 minute. Reduce mixer speed to low; gradually add flour mixture and mix for 20 seconds. Take bowl off mixer and finish mixing dough with a rubber spatula.
Roll about 1 1/2 tablespoons of dough into a ball. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet and gently press to flatten top. Repeat with remaining dough, spacing 1 inch apart.
Bake cookies until light brown around edges, 14 to 16 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. light-brown sugar
¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. cream cheese
Zest of 2 oranges
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together 1 stick butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar on medium speed until light yellow and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed.
Reduce mixer speed to low; add a third of flour mixture and ¼ cup water, and mix for 30 seconds. Repeat. Add remaining flour mixture and mix until just combined. (Some dry ingredients will not be fully mixed into dough.)
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until flour has been incorporated and dough comes together, about 30 seconds. Divide in half; wrap one half with plastic wrap and set aside.
Transfer unwrapped dough to a parchment-lined work surface. Flatten dough slightly with your hand, and then top with a second sheet of parchment. (Dust dough with flour if sticky.) Using a rolling pin, roll out dough between sheets of parchment to about 1/8-inch thickness; set aside. Remove plastic wrap from other dough half and repeat rolling process. Transfer dough, still sandwiched between parchment, to baking sheets and refrigerate until chilled, at least 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove both dough halves from refrigerator and peel off all parchment. Using a 2-inch square cookie cutter, cut cookies out of dough, rerolling scraps twice. Place cookies on parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart.
Bake cookies until dark golden around edges, 16 to 18 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Cool on baking sheets, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
To make filling:
To fill sandwiches:


3 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. Dutch-processed cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
2 stick unsalted butter
1¼ c. granulated sugar
¾ c. light-brown sugar
2 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
raspberry preserves
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together butter and sugars on medium speed until light yellow and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Add eggs and vanilla, and beat on medium speed for 1 minute. Reduce mixer speed to low; gradually add flour mixture and mix until dough just barely comes together. Do not overmix.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until flour has been incorporated and dough comes together, about 30 seconds. Divide in half; wrap one half with plastic wrap and set aside.
Transfer unwrapped dough to a parchment-lined work surface. Flatten dough slightly with your hand, and then top with a second sheet of parchment. (Dust dough with flour if sticky.) Using a rolling
pin,
roll out dough between sheets of parchment
to about 1⁄16-inch thickness; set
aside. Remove plastic wrap from other
dough half and repeat rolling process.
Transfer dough, still sandwiched
between
parchment, to baking sheets and refrigerate
until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove both dough halves from refrigerator and peel off all parchment. Using a 1 3/4-inch-wide round cookie cutter, cut cookies out of dough, rerolling scraps once. Place cookies on parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart.
Bake cookies 10 to 12 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Cool on baking sheets, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.
To fill sandwiches:


4  navel oranges
2 c. sugar
½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
¾ c. shelled pistachios
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Dutch-processed cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 large eggs
Fleur de sel
Cut long, thin strips of zest (avoid white pith) from oranges. Place zest in a small saucepan, add enough water to cover, and bring to a boil over high heat. Then drain off water. Repeat boiling and draining process 2 more times. Set aside.
In a medium saucepan, bring 1 1/2 cups water and 1 cup sugar to a boil. Add zest and simmer for 4 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Place chocolate chips in a food processor and pulse 3 or 4 times to break up. Add pistachios and pulse 2 or 3 times.
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together butter and remaining sugar on medium speed until light yellow and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs and beat on medium speed until incorporated, 2 to 3 minutes.
Reduce mixer speed to low; using a slotted spoon, add candied orange zest to butter-sugar mixture and beat for 30 seconds. Gradually add three-fourths flour mixture, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Add chocolate-pistachio mixture and remaining flour mixture, mixing until dough just comes together. Do not overmix.
Divide dough into 2 equal pieces and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Using damp hands, shape each piece into a 12-inch-long log, 1/2 inch high.
Bake logs until firm, about 24 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Reduce oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Cool logs on baking sheet for 12 to 15 minutes.
Transfer logs to a cutting board. Using a serrated knife, slice each into 24 half-inch-thick biscotti. Place biscotti on parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1/2 inch apart. Sprinkle with fleur de sel, if desired. Bake biscotti until slightly crisp, about 10 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 c. whole almonds
2 large eggs
1 c. sugar
½ c. olive oil (preferably Sicilian)
Zest of 2 lemons (preferably Meyer)
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Fleur de sel
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Add ground almonds and stir to combine. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together eggs, sugar, olive oil, lemon zest, and vanilla on medium speed for 1 minute. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Reduce mixer speed to low; gradually add flour mixture and mix until dough just begins to come together. Do not overmix.
Divide dough into 2 equal pieces and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Using damp hands, shape each piece into a 12-inch-long log, 1/2 inch high.
Bake logs until firm, about 28 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Reduce oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Cool logs on baking sheet for 12 to 15 minutes.
Transfer logs to a cutting board. Using a serrated knife, slice each into 24 half-inch-thick biscotti. Place biscotti on parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1/2 inch apart. Sprinkle with fleur de sel, if desired. Bake
biscotti until slightly crisp, about 14 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
½ stick unsalted butter
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. Dutch-processed cocoa powder
½ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
Zest of 1 orange
Place chocolate chips and butter in a microwave-safe bowl and heat on high for 1 minute in microwave; stir to mix. Heat again until completely melted, 1 to 3 minutes, stirring. Set aside to cool, about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, whisk together flour, brown sugar, cocoa powder, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together eggs and orange zest on low speed for 1 minute. With mixer still on low, pour in melted chocolate and mix for 1 minute. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Gradually add flour mixture and mix for 10 seconds.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead until flour has been incorporated and dough comes together, about 30 seconds. Divide in half; wrap one half with plastic wrap and set aside.
Transfer unwrapped dough to a parchment-lined work surface. Flatten dough slightly with your hand, and then top with a second sheet of parchment. (Dust dough with flour if sticky.) Using a rolling pin, roll out dough between sheets of parchment to about 1/8-inch thickness; set aside. Remove plastic wrap from other dough half and repeat rolling process. Transfer dough, still sandwiched between parchment, to baking sheets and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove both dough halves from refrigerator and peel off all parchment. Using a 2 1/2-inch-wide scalloped-edged cookie cutter, cut cookies out of dough, rerolling scraps once. Place cookies on parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart.
Bake cookies until slightly firm, 10 to 12 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
½ tsp. ground cloves
¼ tsp. salt
6 tbsp. solid vegetable shortening
½ stick unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
¼ c. whole milk
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, cloves, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together shortening, butter, and sugar on medium speed until light yellow and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Add egg and egg yolk, and beat for 1 minute.
Reduce mixer speed to low; add a third of flour mixture and a third of milk, and mix for 30 seconds. Scrape down sides of bowl. Repeat. Add remaining flour mixture and only enough milk, 1 teaspoon at a time, to yield a smooth dough, and mix. (It should not be too sticky.)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Transfer batter to a pastry bag fitted with a star tip (about 1/2 inch wide). Pipe 4-inch-long cookies onto parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart. (Keep batter refrigerated between batches.)
Bake cookies until lightly golden around edges, about 15 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
Bake cookies until lightly golden, 16 to 20 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


3 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1 can pumpkin purée
2 c. light-brown sugar
1 c. canola oil
2 large eggs
2 tbsp. dark molasses
4 oz. cream cheese
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. grade B dark maple syrup
.13 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 pinch ground cloves
.13 tsp. salt
3 c. confectioners’ sugar
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, ginger, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together pumpkin puree, brown sugar, oil, eggs, and molasses on medium speed until mixed, about 3 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Reduce mixer speed to low; gradually add flour mixture and mix for 30 seconds. Cover and refrigerate batter until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Transfer batter to a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip (about 1/2 inch wide). Pipe 2-inch circles onto parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing whoopies 1 1/2 inches apart. (Keep batter refrigerated between batches.)
Bake until whoopies are deep orange and spring back when touched, about 20 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Cool completely on pans.
To make filling:
To fill pies:


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Dutch-processed cocoa powder
¾ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. light-brown sugar
½ c. plain whole-milk yogurt
⅓ c. canola oil
3 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 oz. cream cheese
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ tsp. peppermint extract
.13 tsp. salt
3 c. confectioners’ sugar
In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat together sugars, yogurt, oil, eggs, and vanilla on medium speed until mixed, about 3 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl as needed. Reduce mixer speed to low; gradually add flour mixture and mix for 30 seconds. Cover and refrigerate batter until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Transfer batter to a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip (about 1/2 inch wide). Pipe 2-inch circles onto parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing whoopies 1 1/2 inches apart. (Keep batter refrigerated between batches.)
Bake until whoopies spring back when touched, about 9 minutes. Cool completely on pans.
To make filling:
To fill pies:


1¼ lb. whole dried figs
Zest of 1 orange
1 c. blanched almonds
½ c. orange marmalade
½ c. mini semisweet chocolate chips
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. Dutch-processed cocoa powder
¼ tsp. ground cloves
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
3 c. all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. baking powder
1 c. solid vegetable shortening
1 tbsp. red decorating sugar
1 tbsp. green decorating sugar
Place figs and orange zest in a food processor and chop, about 1 minute. Transfer mixture to a large bowl. Add almonds, marmalade, chocolate chips, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, cocoa powder, cloves, and cinnamon to mixture; combine. Add warm water, 1 teaspoon at a time (up to 2 teaspoons), until mixture reaches consistency of a thick paste.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, combine flour, remaining granulated sugar, and baking powder on low speed. With mixer still on low, add shortening, 1 tablespoon at a time (up to 1 cup), and mix until resembling coarse crumbs. Then add water, 1 teaspoon at a time (up to 1 cup), until dough begins to ball around paddle. Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Place in a bowl, cover with a damp cloth, and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Divide dough into 4 equal pieces. Using damp hands, shape each piece into a 10-inch-long log, 1 inch thick. Cut each log into 10 coins. (Keep any dough you're not using covered with a damp cloth.) Using a rolling pin, roll out each coin to a 3-inch round, about 1/8-inch thickness.
Place 1 heaping teaspoon fig filling in center of each round of dough. Using your fingers, bring 2 sides of the round up and pinch them over the filling, sealing edges of dough. Turn cookie over so seam is on bottom; then shape cookie into an almond shape. Repeat with remaining dough.
Transfer cookies to parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing 1 inch apart. With a sharp paring knife, score several vents on top of each cookie (as shown in photo). Sprinkle cookies with decorating sugar.
Bake cookies until lightly golden, 16 to 20 minutes, rotating baking sheets halfway through. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


6 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. light brown sugar
¼ tsp. salt
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¾ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tbsp. heavy cream
2 oz. cream cheese
1 c. confectioners' sugar
½ tsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1½ tsp. heavy cream
½ oz. unsweetened chocolate
In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer at medium speed, beat the butter with the granulated sugar, brown sugar, salt, and vanilla until smooth. Add the flour and 1/3 cup cocoa and beat at low speed just until incorporated, then beat in 2 tablespoons of cream until smooth. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and roll it into two 16- inch-long ropes. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Cut the cookie dough into 2-inch logs and arrange them on the baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes, until the tops crack lightly and the cookies are firm to the touch. Transfer the baking sheet to a rack and let the cookies cool completely.
In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer at medium speed, beat the softened cream cheese with the confectioners' sugar, 1/2 teaspoon cocoa, and 1 1/2 teaspoons heavy cream until smooth. Beat in the melted chocolate.
Spread the frosting on each of the cookies in lengthwise strips to resemble the bark of a tree. Return the cookies to the baking sheet and let stand at room temperature until the frosting firms up, about 2 hours.


¼ c. hazelnuts
1 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tsp. cornstarch
1½ tsp. cocoa nibs
2 oz. bittersweet chocolate
.13 tsp. to 1/4 teaspoon ground cardamom
3  large egg whites
.13 tsp. cream of tartar
1 pinch salt
¾ c. sugar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Spread the hazelnuts in a pie plate and toast for 14 minutes, until the skins blister. Transfer the nuts to a kitchen towel and rub together to remove the skins. Coarsely chop and transfer to a bowl. Add the cocoa, cornstarch, nibs, chocolate, and cardamom. Lower the oven to 300 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar and salt until soft peaks form. Add the sugar in a thin stream and beat until the whites are stiff and glossy. Beat in the vanilla. Fold in the dry ingredients, leaving some streaks.
Scoop 8 level tablespoon-size mounds of the meringue onto each baking sheet. Scoop the remaining meringue directly on top of the existing mounds, as if forming little snowmen.
Bake the cookies in the upper and lower thirds of the oven for about 30 minutes, until firm when tapped; shift the sheets halfway through baking. Transfer the sheets to racks and let the cookies cool before serving.


1 bag sweetened shredded coconut
1 can sweetened condensed milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 large egg whites
¼ tsp. salt
4 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, combine the coconut with the sweetened condensed milk and vanilla. In another bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites with the salt until firm peaks form. Fold the beaten whites into the coconut mixture.
Scoop tablespoon-size mounds of the mixture onto the baking sheets, about 1 inch apart. Bake in the upper and middle thirds of the oven for about 25 minutes, until golden; shift the sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through baking. Transfer the baking sheets to racks and let the cookies cool completely.
Dip the bottoms of the macaroons into the melted chocolate, letting any excess drip back into the bowl. Return the cookies to the lined baking sheets. Drizzle any remaining chocolate on top and refrigerate for about 5 minutes, until set.


2¼ tsp. instant dry yeast
2 tbsp. warm water
¼ tsp. sugar
1 tsp. sugar
6 large eggs
4½ c. sifted all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. salt
3 stick unsalted butter
1 c. pecans
1½ c. light brown sugar
1 tbsp. cinnamon
1 c. sour cream
2 large eggs
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. heavy cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
In a medium bowl, combine the yeast with the warm water and 1 teaspoon of the sugar and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Whisk in the 6 eggs. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the dough hook, mix the 4 1/2 cups of sifted flour with the salt and the remaining 1/4 cup of sugar. Add the egg mixture and beat at medium speed until the dough is just moistened and very stiff. Add the butter a few cubes at a time, waiting until it is partially kneaded into the dough before adding more. Continue kneading until the butter is fully incorporated and the dough is silky, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the dough to an oiled bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until chilled and slightly risen, at least 2 hours or overnight.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans in a pie plate and toast for about 8 minutes, until fragrant and browned. Let cool, then finely chop the pecans. Transfer to a medium bowl and stir in the brown sugar and cinnamon.
Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. On a floured surface, cut the dough into 2 pieces. Working with 1 piece at a time (while keeping the other refrigerated), roll the dough out to a 12- by 16-inch rectangle. Transfer the dough to a baking sheet and refrigerate until chilled. Repeat with the remaining dough.
Spread half of the sour cream over one sheet of dough, leaving a 1/2-inch border all around. Sprinkle with half of the pecan filling. Brush the long sides with some of the egg wash. Roll up the dough from a long side into a tight cylinder and pinch the ends to seal. Freeze the dough log until it is chilled, about 2 hours. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling. Cover and refrigerate the remaining egg wash.
Transfer the logs to a work surface and cut each one into 12 even slices. Set the slices on the baking sheet, cut sides up. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, at least 3 hours and preferably overnight.
Unwrap the rolls and let stand at room temperature for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush the tops and sides of the rolls with the egg wash and bake in the center of the oven for 35 to 40 minutes, until golden and risen.
In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the confectioners' sugar with the butter, heavy cream, and vanilla extract until thick and smooth. Spread the sugar glaze on the hot cinnamon rolls and let cool for 20 minutes before serving.


2  ripe golden pineapples
1 c. fresh orange juice
½ c. honey
Using a serrated knife, peel the pineapple. Quarter lengthwise then remove the core. Cut each pineapple quarter into 3 long, thin wedges and transfer to a large bowl. In a microwave-safe cup, combine the orange juice with 1/4 cup of the honey and heat at high power until warm, about 15 seconds. Pour the juice over the pineapple and let stand for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F and line 2 rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper. Drain the pineapple wedges and arrange them in a single layer on the baking sheets. (Reserve the juices for another use).
Roast the pineapple wedges for about 10 minutes, until they are tender, shifting the pans from top to bottom and front to back halfway through. Arrange the pineapple wedges on a platter and drizzle with the remaining 1/4 cup of honey. Serve warm.


2 stick softened unsalted butter, plus more for greasing
½ c. sugar
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tsp. instant espresso powder
½ tsp. salt
2 c. finely chopped pecans
Confectioners' sugar, for coating
In a large bowl, mix the butter, sugar, and vanilla until smooth. Stir in the flour, cocoa, espresso powder, and salt until thoroughly blended. Stir in the pecans. Cover the dough and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly butter 2 cookie sheets. Working in batches, roll the dough into tablespoon-size balls, and place about 2 inches apart on the prepared cookie sheets. Bake in the upper and lower thirds of the oven for 15 minutes, until the tops are dry and the cookies are slightly firm to the touch. Let the cookies cool on the sheets for 10 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely; roll in confectioners' sugar to coat.


½ c. pecans
1 c. applesauce
½ c. golden raisins
1 stick cinnamon
1 loaf brioche
4 large eggs
½ c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. canola oil
confectioners' sugar
Sweetened whipped cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a pie plate and toast for about 8 minutes. Let cool. Finely chop the pecans and transfer to a bowl. Add the applesauce, raisins, and cinnamon.
Spread the filling on 6 of the bread slices, top with the remaining slices and close.
In the pie plate, beat the eggs with the cream, sugar, and vanilla. Dip the sandwiches in the eggs and transfer to a baking sheet.
In each of 2 large nonstick skillets, melt half of the butter in the oil. Add the French toast and cook over moderate heat, turning once, until browned and cooked through, 5 minutes. Dust with confectioners' sugar and serve with sweetened whipped cream.


½ c. hazelnuts
1 lb. Belgian endives
1 lb. radicchio or Treviso
1  Bosc pear
1  Fuyu persimmon
4 oz. baby arugula
2 tbsp. Dijon mustard
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp. white wine vinegar
¼ c. extra-virgin olive oil
¼ c. canola oil
¼ c. hazelnut oil
salt
Freshly ground pepper
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a pie plate and toast for about 14 minutes, until fragrant and the skins blister. Transfer the nuts to a kitchen towel and let cool slightly. Rub the nuts together to remove the skins, then transfer to a work surface and coarsely chop. Let cool completely.
In a large bowl, toss the endives, radicchio, pear, persimmon, and arugula. In a small bowl, whisk the mustard, lemon juice, and vinegar. Whisk in the olive, canola, and hazelnut oils, and season with salt and pepper. Just before serving, pour the dressing over the salad, toss well, and garnish with the toasted hazelnuts.


2 c. dry red wine
1 c. ruby port
1½ c. water
¾ c. sugar
1  vanilla bean
20  black peppercorns tied in cheesecloths
1 stick cinnamon
3  quince
4 slice candied orange or 1/4 cup candied orange rind
8  plump dried pear halves
10  plump dried Black Mission figs
½ c. plump dried apricots
½ c. plump pitted prunes
In a large saucepan, combine the wine and port and bring to a boil. Add the water, sugar, vanilla bean, peppercorns, and cinnamon stick, and bring to a boil again. Add the quince and candied orange and simmer over moderately low heat until the quince are just tender, about 45 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large microwave-safe bowl, cover the pears and figs with 1 inch of water. Microwave in 5-minute increments at high power until the fruit is plump but not mushy, about 15 minutes; drain. Add the pears, figs, apricots, and prunes to the wine syrup and simmer until all of the fruit is plump and very tender and the liquid is thick and syrupy, about 15 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick, vanilla bean, and peppercorns and let cool. Serve the stewed fruit warm or chilled.




1 c. skim milk
½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
4 package active dry yeast
¼ c. solid vegetable shortening
3 large egg yolks
2 tsp. table salt
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. ground mace
3 2/3 c. bread flour
boiling water
vegetable oil
1½  beans vanilla
In a small saucepan, warm the milk, vanilla seeds, and 1 tablespoon of the sugar over moderate heat until the temperature registers 105 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Transfer to the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the dough hook. Add the yeast and let stand until foamy, 5 minutes. Add the shortening, egg yolks, and remaining 1/2 cup of sugar, and beat at medium speed just until the shortening is broken up. Beat in the salt, baking powder, and mace. At low speed, add the flour, 1 cup at a time, until the dough is firm but still tacky (you may need to add more or less flour to achieve the desired consistency).
Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead a few times; pat it into a disk and transfer to a floured baking sheet. Dust with flour and cover with a towel. Place the baking sheet in the center of a turned-off oven. Set a large roasting pan on the bottom rack and fill it halfway with boiling water. Close the oven door and let the dough stand until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.
Line 2 baking sheets with wax paper and dust with flour. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and roll out to a 12-inch round, 1/2-inch thick. For doughnuts, use a floured 2 3/4-inch doughnut cutter (or 2 3/4-inch and 1 1/4-inch cookie cutters) and stamp them out as close together as possible; alternatively, for doughnut holes, use a 1-inch cookie cutter. Transfer the doughnuts and/or holes to the baking sheets and return to the oven. Refill the roasting pan with boiling water and close the oven door. Let stand until the dough has doubled in bulk, 45 minutes.
Set a rack on a baking sheet and cover with paper towels. In a large saucepan, heat 2 inches of oil to 365 degrees F. Add 3 or 4 doughnuts at a time; adjust the heat to keep the oil between 350 degrees F and 360 degrees F. Fry the doughnuts until golden brown, 1 minute per side. If frying doughnut holes, cook them in batches of 12. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the doughnuts to the paper towels.


3 c. whole milk
2 large eggs
1 c. all purpose flour
1 tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 pinch ground ginger
½ tsp. Butter (or non-stick spray)
1 pinch salt
4  Ambrosia apples
1¼ c. cider vinegar
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. sugar
Add milk, eggs, flour, sugar, vanilla cinnamon, ginger and salt in a blender. Blend for 1 minute and set aside.
Heat skillet on medium. Melt the butter (or use non-stick spray) to season the skillet.
Pour 1 1/2 ounce of the crepe batter in the skillet. Swirl to coat the pan for 30 seconds to a minute and flip with spatula. Cook for another 30 seconds
Place the crepe on a piece of parchment paper.
Repeat the process, layering each crepe with parchment paper.
Set crepes aside.
Wipe out the same sauce pan and return to medium-high heat.
Melt the butter.
Add the apples and sugar and sauté for 2 minutes.
Add the cider vinegar to de-glaze the apples.


½ c. dried currents
½ c. grappa
1 c. light brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
1½ c. cake flour
½ c. chestnut flour
½ tsp. ground cloves
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
6  separated, at room temperature
½ c. Extra virgin olive oil
½ c. buttermilk
½ c. fresh chestnuts
2  Rome apples (or any soft tart cooking apple)
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
4 tsp. light corn syrup
1 c. mascarpone
Place the currants in a small bowl, add the grappa, and set aside to soak for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter and flour a Bundt pan.
In a large bowl, combine the brown sugar, granulated sugar, cake flour, chestnut flour, cloves, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Mix until well blended. Add the egg yolks, the oil, and the buttermilk, and, using an electric mixer, beat until smooth.
Drain the currants, reserving the soaking grappa. Fold the currants, chestnuts, and apples into the batter.
In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff. Fold the egg whites into the batter, and then pour the batter into the Bundt pan. Place the pan in the oven and bake for 1 hour, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean.
Remove the pan from the oven and set it aside to cool for 10 minutes. Then invert the cake onto a plate.
In a small bowl, stir together the confectioners’ sugar, 4 teaspoons of the reserved soaking grappa, and the corn syrup until smooth and glossy. (If it is too thick to spread,add another teaspoon of corn syrup.) Pour the icing over the peak of the cake all around the ring, and allow it to set for 10 minutes.
Drink a shot of the remaining grappa in the kitchen before serving the cake with a bowl of the mascarpone on the side.


2 large whole eggs
3 large egg yolks
¾ c. sugar
½ c. hot chocolate mix
3 c. half-and-half
1 c. whole milk
2 oz. espresso
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
18 oz. stale challah bread
6 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Place the eggs and yolks in the carafe of a blender and combine on the lowest speed for 30 seconds. Slowly add the sugar over 30 seconds, then add the hot chocolate mix and blend until incorporated, about 30 seconds. Add the half-and-half, milk, espresso, and vanilla and blend until well combined, about 30 seconds.
Butter a 9 by 13-inch metal pan with 1 tablespoon of the butter and place the cubed bread in the pan. Spread the chocolate on top of the bread and slowly pour in the custard. Press down on the mixture with a spatula or back of a spoon to thoroughly saturate. Cover and set aside at room temperature for 2 hours, or refrigerate for up to 8 hours.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.
Bake until the internal temperature reaches at least 170 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Set the oven to the high broil setting with the oven door ajar. Remove the bread pudding from the oven. Pour the melted butter into a spray bottle and spritz the top of the bread pudding. Return to the middle rack and broil for 4 to 5 minutes. Remove to a cooling rack for 15 minutes before serving.


4  tart apples
2  sweet potatoes
1  flaky butter crust
½ c. brandy
½ c. maple syrup
1  lime zest and juice
3 tbsp. butter
1 c. chopped pecans
1 pinch salt
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Prepare the brandy pecan glaze: Pour the brandy in a small pot and reduce by half. Add the lime zest, lime juice, maple syrup, butter and salt to taste. Bring mixture to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 5 – 7 minutes. Add in pecans. Remove from heat and set aside.
Heat a 9” skillet to medium high heat. While searing the apples and sweet potatoes, place them alternately in the pan so they are squeezed tightly together. Pour 1/2 the syrup over.
Prepare crust by rolling it out 1/8 inch thick. Place crust on top of apples and sweet potatoes and tuck edges into the pan. Bake for 30-35 minutes or until crust is golden brown and apples and potatoes are soft enough for a toothpick to be inserted easily.
Remove pan from oven and let cool off a bit. Place a serving dish on top of pan, and carefully flip over. Crust will be on the bottom.
Serve warm with remaining sauce and vanilla ice cream. Enjoy!


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. salt
½ tsp. sugar
½ c. unsalted butter
2-3 tbsp. ice cold water
3 oz. bittersweet chocolate
6 oz. semisweet chocolate
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1- 14 oz. can Pumpkin
1- 12 oz. can evaporated milk
¾ c. packed light-brown sugar
3 large eggs
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
¾ tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. nutmeg
1 pinch ground cloves
For the Pie Crust: Combine the flour, salt, sugar and butter in a food processor and pulse until coarse, with small marbles of butter remaining. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the ice water and pulse until crumbly, and dough holds when squeezed together. Add another sprinkle of water if too dry, but do not overmix.
Transfer dough to a plastic bag, press into a disk, and refrigerate for one hour.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Roll out dough on floured surface. Press into pie plate, trim to leave 1-inch excess around edges, fold under and flute edges. Cut a piece of parchment or nonstick foil to the size of the pie, and use to line pie crust. Fill with pie weights, and bake until golden, about 15 minutes.
Reduce heat to 325 degrees F.
For the Pie Filling: In a double boiler, melt chocolate and butter, stirring frequently until smooth, and remove from heat.
In a large bowl, mix together the pumpkin, evaporated milk, light brown sugar, eggs, cornstarch, vanilla, salt, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and cloves. Fold in the chocolate mixture, and pour into pie crust. Place pie pan on a baking sheet.  Bake at 325 degrees F until center of pie has set, about an hour. Refrigerate until cooled completely to serve.


8 oz. dark chocolate
¾ c. unsalted butter
6  eggs
1 c. granulated sugar
1.2 c. all-purpose flour
6 oz. dark chocolate
½ c. plus 2 tablespoons cream
1 tbsp. butter
¼ c. shaved white chocolate for garnish
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-inch round cake pan with butter and dust with flour. Set a stainless steel mixing bowl over a pot of boiling water to make a double boiler. Melt the dark chocolate with the butter in the bowl. Remove from heat and set aside.
In another mixing bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with a handheld mixer until well combined. Slowly add the flour. Once the flour is combined, add the warmed dark chocolate/butter mixture in a slow steady stream, using a rubber spatula to incorporate.
Scrape the butter into the prepared pan. Set the pan into a larger pan filled with hot water to come halfway up the sides of the cake pan. Bake the cake in this water bath for 30 minutes, or until firm in the center. Remove from the water bath and let cool for 15 minutes
For the ganache, melt the chocolate, cream and butter in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat and mix until well combined. Remove from the heat and set aside.
Carefully remove the torte from the pan and transfer to a cake stand. Slowly pour the ganache over the torte so that it coats the top and all sides. When the torte is cool, mound the shaved white chocolate in the center of the glistening torte.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
2½ c. packed brown sugar
1 c. butter
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. chopped pecans
Red sugar sprinkles
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 4 cookie sheets with parchment paper.
In medium bowl, with wire whisk, stir flour, baking soda, and salt.
In large bowl, with mixer at medium speed, beat brown sugar and butter until creamy, occasionally scraping bowl. Beat in eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low; gradually beat in flour mixture just until blended, occasionally scraping bowl. With wooden spoon, stir in chopped pecans.
Drop dough by rounded measuring teaspoons, 2 inches apart, onto prepared cookie sheets.
Bake cookies 12 minutes or until golden brown. If decorating, bake 6 minutes and remove from oven. Press pecan half in center of each cookie or sprinkle top with red sugar sprinkles. Bake 6 minutes longer or until golden brown. Transfer to wire racks to cool. Repeat with remaining dough. Store cookies in airtight containers at room temperature up to 1 week or in freezer up to 1 month.


½ c. diced fresh strawberries
½ c. good champagne (sweet rosé champagne suggested)
2½ c. all-purpose flour
2½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
8 tbsp. unsalted butter (European style recommended)
1¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
2¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1  vanilla bean
1¼ c. whole milk
16 tbsp. unsalted butter
4 c. confectioner's sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. whole milk
.13 tsp. salt
½ c. good champagne (sweet rosé champagne suggested)
24  fresh strawberries
1 c. good champagne (sweet rosé champagne suggested)
2 c. high-quality semisweet chocolate chips
1 c. heavy cream
12  glass champagne flutes
12  indoor-safe sparkler candles
12  long spoons
Prepare cupcakes:
Soak the fresh strawberries in champagne. Set aside.
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt on a sheet of parchment paper or wax paper and set aside.
Place the unsalted butter in the bowl of a stand mixer or in a bowl with a handheld electric mixer. Add the sugar; beat on medium speed until well incorporated. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing slowly after each addition.
Combine the vanilla extract, vanilla bean seeds, and milk in a large liquid measuring cup.
Reduce the speed to low. Add one third of the flour mixture to the butter mixture, then gradually add one third of the milk mixture, beating until well incorporated. Add another third of the flour mixture, followed by one third of the milk mixture. Stop to scrape down the bowl as needed. Add the remaining flour mixture, followed by the remaining milk mixture, and mix slowly until just combined.
Drain the strawberries of excess champagne, and gently fold the strawberries into the batter, just until incorporated. If you are of age, the remaining champagne is a sweet treat!
Scoop the batter into baking cups and bake for 10 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean. Transfer the pan to a wire rack to cool completely. If using paper baking cups, peel off all the paper baking cups once the cupcakes are cool.
Prepare frosting:
Prepare strawberries:
Prepare chocolate ganache:
Assemble layers in champagne flute:
Insert one indoor-safe sparkler candle in the top of each glass. Light the candles, serve with spoons and enjoy!


3 c. whole milk
6 large egg yolks
½ c. cornstarch
.67 c. sugar
4 tbsp. brandy or sherry
3 large oranges
3 container raspberries
¼ c. pure honey
2  pound cakes
⅓ c. raspberry jam
1 c. heavy or whipping cream
5 oz. amaretti cookies
¼ c. almonds
In 4-quart saucepan, heat milk on medium until bubbles form around edges. Meanwhile, in large bowl, whisk egg yolks, cornstarch, and 2/3 cup sugar. Add 1/4 cup hot milk and whisk well. Repeat until milk is fully incorporated.
Return mixture to saucepan. Cook on medium-low 7 to 9 minutes or until mixture is very thick and registers 160°F on candy thermometer, whisking constantly. Remove from heat and whisk in 2 tablespoons brandy. If mixture is lumpy, whisk well to remove lumps.
Transfer to large bowl. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface; refrigerate until cold and stiff. Custard can be refrigerated up to 3 days.
With sharp knife, cut peel and white pith from orange; discard. Cut on either side of membrane to remove each segment from orange; place segments in large bowl. Reserve 1/2 cup raspberries for garnish. Add honey and remaining raspberries and 2 tablespoons brandy. Fold gently to coat.
On cutting board, with long, serrated knife, trim top, bottom, and sides of 1 cake to form even rectangle; place trimmings in large bowl. Stand cake up on one long, narrow side. Cut lengthwise into 1/4-in.-thick slices. Spread thin layer of jam on half of slices. Sandwich with remaining slices. Repeat with remaining cake.
Measure height of 4- to 5-quart straight-sided trifle bowl. Trim tops and bottoms of cake slices so cake sandwiches match height of bowl. Add trimmings to those in bowl. Cut cake sandwiches lengthwise into 1/4-in.-thick strips. Arrange 1 strip upright against side of trifle bowl, gently pressing cut side with jam against glass. Press another strip upright next to it; repeat with remaining strips until side of bowl is covered.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat cream with 2 tablespoons sugar until soft peaks form.
Coarsely chop cake trimmings. Into center of trifle bowl, spread even layer of two-thirds of pound cake trimmings and amaretti, if using. Spoon half of fruit, with its juices, over cake. Spread half of custard over fruit. Repeat layering. Top with whipped cream. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to 1 day.
When ready to serve, garnish with almonds and remaining raspberries.


2½ c. whole milk
⅓ c. cornstarch
¾ c. Syrup
1 tbsp. butter
½ tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
In med. bowl, whisk together 1 c. whole milk and ⅓ c. cornstarch until smooth. In 3-qt. saucepan, heat 1-1/2 c. whole milk, 3/4 c. syrup, 1 Tbsp. butter, 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract, and 1/4 tsp. salt to boiling on high, stirring occasionally.
Reduce heat to simmer. Whisk in cornstarch mixture; cook 2 minutes, whisking constantly. Transfer to 6 parfait glasses; cover and refrigerate until cold.


1 large egg yolk
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
½ tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
¾ c. cold butter
½ c. jam
In small bowl, beat egg yolk and vanilla. In food processor, pulse flour, sugar, and salt to blend. Add lemon peel and butter and pulse until coarse crumbs form. With processor running, add yolk mixture. Pulse until large, moist clumps form.
Press dough together and pat into flat, 3/4-inch-thick square. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours and up to 3 days.
Unwrap dough and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-wide strips, then cut lengthwise to form 1/2-inch cubes. Let stand 15 minutes to soften. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Roll 1 cube into a ball; place on prepared sheet. With finger or end of wooden spoon, make an indentation in center. If dough cracks, roll again. Repeat with remaining cubes, spacing balls 1 inch apart. Refrigerate 15 minutes or until firm.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
If jam has seeds or chunks, strain through fine-mesh sieve. Place in small resealable plastic bag; snip tiny hole in one corner.
Working with 1 cookie sheet at a time, squeeze jam into indentations in dough. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Transfer cookies to wire racks to cool completely. Meanwhile, repeat with remaining sheet. Store cookies in airtight containers at room temperature up to 1 week or in freezer up to 1 month.


¾ c. sugar
3 large eggs
6 tbsp. butter
1 pinch salt
1 tbsp. Meyer lemon peel
.67 c. Meyer lemon juice
Combine sugar, eggs, butter, salt, Meyer lemon peel, and Meyer lemon juice in 4-quart saucepan.
Cook, whisking, on medium-low 15 minutes, to 160 degrees F on candy thermometer. Do not boil.
Press plastic wrap onto surface; refrigerate to chill, up to 3 days. Serve with scones or cake.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. butter or margarine
¾ c. packed dark brown sugar
¼ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. light corn syrup
2 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ c. walnuts
1 c. dried cranberries
4 oz. white chocolate
4 oz. semisweet chocolate
Arrange 2 oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line 3 cookie sheets with parchment paper.
On waxed paper, combine flour, baking soda, and salt; set aside. In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat butter, sugars, and corn syrup until just creamy. Beat in eggs and vanilla until blended. Reduce speed to low. In 2 batches, add flour mixture, beating between batches until just blended. Stir in two-thirds of walnuts, cranberries, and chocolate pieces. Refrigerate dough 15 minutes or up to 1 day.
Drop dough by rounded tablespoons, 2 inches apart, on prepared cookie sheets (return remaining dough to refrigerator for next batch). Bake 5 minutes. Working quickly, press some of remaining nuts, cranberries, and chocolate pieces into cookies. Rotate sheets on racks; bake 6 to 8 minutes longer or until edges are golden brown.
Transfer cookies to wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with remaining dough. Store cookies, layered with waxed paper, in airtight containers in refrigerator for up to 1 week or in freezer for up to 1 month.


2¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. baking soda
2 large eggs
1 c. granulated sugar
½ c. butter or margarine
2 tbsp. heavy or whipping cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 large orange
5 oz. dried Mission figs
½ c. walnuts
¼ c. raisins
¼ c. pure honey
1½ tsp. ground cinnamon
1 large egg
¼ c. White decorating sugar
Prepare dough:
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat eggs, sugar, and butter 2 minutes or until creamy, occasionally scraping bowl. Beat in cream and vanilla until mixed. Reduce speed to low; gradually beat in flour mixture just until blended, occasionally scraping bowl. Divide dough into 4 equal pieces; flatten each into a disk. Wrap each disk in plastic wrap; refrigerate at least 2 hours or up to 3 days.
Meanwhile, prepare filling:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 large cookie sheets. In cup, with fork, lightly beat egg.
On lightly floured surface, with floured rolling pin, roll 1 disk of dough 1/8 inch thick. With floured 2 1/2-inch fluted round biscuit or cookie cutter, cut out as many cookies as possible. Wrap and reserve trimmings in refrigerator. With spatula, carefully place dough rounds 1 inch apart on prepared sheets. Spoon 1 level teaspoon filling onto 1 side of each dough round. Fold dough in half over filling. Gently press edges to seal. Lightly brush crescents with egg; sprinkle with decorating sugar.
Bake 15 to 16 minutes or until tops are golden brown. Transfer to wire racks to cool. Repeat with remaining dough, trimmings, filling, egg, and decorating sugar. Store cookies in airtight containers at room temperature up to 2 weeks or in freezer up to 3 months.


½ c. dried tart cherries
2 tbsp. water
1¾ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. hazelnuts (filberts)
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light brown sugar
¾ c. butter
½ tsp. freshly grated lemon peel
1 large egg
1 jar tart cherry jam
confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In small bowl, combine cherries and water; microwave on high 1 minute. Set aside.
Meanwhile, line 13- by 9-inch baking pan with foil, with overhang at short ends. On waxed paper, combine flour, cinnamon, baking powder, and salt.
In food processor, pulse nuts and sugars until nuts are finely ground. Add butter and lemon peel; pulse until creamy. Blend in egg. Add flour mixture; pulse just until mixture comes together.
Reserve 1 1/4 cups dough; chill. With floured fingers, press remaining dough into bottom of prepared pan. Stir jam into cherries; spread over crust, up to 1/4 inch from edges. With hands, roll chilled dough into 1/4-inch-thick ropes; arrange diagonally, 1 1/2 inches apart, over jam. Arrange remaining ropes around edge of pan. Bake 35 minutes or until dough is golden. Cool in pan on wire rack.
Transfer to cutting board. Cut into 36 bars. Store in airtight containers, layered with waxed paper, at room temperature up to 3 days or in freezer up to 1 month. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar to serve.


3 c. whole milk
6 large egg yolks
½ c. cornstarch
.67 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
4 tbsp. brandy or sherry
3 large oranges
3 container raspberries
¼ c. pure honey
2  pound cakes
⅓ c. seedless raspberry jam
1 c. heavy or whipping cream
5 oz. amaretti cookies (optional)
¼ c. sliced almonds
In 4-quart saucepan, heat milk on medium until bubbles form around edges. Meanwhile, in large bowl, whisk egg yolks, cornstarch, and 2/3 cup sugar. Add 1/4 cup hot milk and whisk well. Repeat until milk is fully incorporated.
Return mixture to saucepan. Cook on medium-low 7 to 9 minutes or until mixture is very thick and registers 160 degrees F on candy thermometer, whisking constantly. Remove from heat and whisk in 2 tablespoons brandy. If mixture is lumpy, whisk well to remove lumps.
Transfer to large bowl. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface; refrigerate until cold and stiff. Custard can be refrigerated up to 3 days.
With sharp knife, cut peel and white pith from orange; discard. Cut on either side of membrane to remove each segment from orange; place segments in large bowl. Reserve 1/2 cup raspberries for garnish. Add honey and remaining raspberries and 2 tablespoons brandy. Fold gently to coat.
On cutting board, with long, serrated knife, trim top, bottom, and sides of 1 cake to form even rectangle; place trimmings in large bowl. Stand cake up on one long, narrow side. Cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Spread thin layer of jam on half of slices. Sandwich with remaining slices. Repeat with remaining cake.
Measure height of 4- to 5-quart straight-sided trifle bowl. Trim tops and bottoms of cake slices so cake sandwiches match height of bowl. Add trimmings to those in bowl. Cut cake sandwiches lengthwise into 1/4-inch-thick strips. Arrange 1 strip upright against side of trifle bowl, gently pressing cut side with jam against glass. Press another strip upright next to it; repeat with remaining strips until side of bowl is covered.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat cream with 2 tablespoons sugar until soft peaks form.
Coarsely chop cake trimmings. Into center of trifle bowl, spread even layer of two-thirds of pound cake trimmings and amaretti, if using. Spoon half of fruit, with its juices, over cake. Spread half of custard over fruit. Repeat layering. Top with whipped cream. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to 1 day.
When ready to serve, garnish with almonds and remaining raspberries.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. butter
⅓ c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. packed brown sugar
2 large eggs
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 c. walnuts
12 oz. white chocolate (optional)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line large cookie sheet with parchment paper.
On waxed paper, combine flour, baking powder, and salt.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat butter and sugars until creamy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low; gradually beat in flour mixture just until blended, occasionally scraping bowl. Stir in walnuts.
Divide dough in half. Form each half into 1 1/2-inch-wide log on prepared sheet, spacing 3 inches apart.
Bake 30 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on pan on wire rack 5 minutes.
Slide logs onto cutting board. With serrated knife, cut each log crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick diagonal slices; place, cut side down, on same sheet. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown and crisp. Cool completely on pan on wire rack.
If you like, dip half of each cookie into chocolate. Let harden on waxed paper. Store in airtight containers (layered with waxed paper if dipped) at room temperature up to 1 week or in freezer up to 1 month.


2½ c. whole milk
⅓ c. cornstarch
¾ c. maple syrup
1 tbsp. butter
½ tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
In medium bowl, whisk together 1 cup whole milk and cornstarch until smooth. In 3-quart saucepan, heat 1 1/2 cups whole milk, maple syrup, butter, vanilla extract, and salt to boiling on high, stirring occasionally.
Reduce heat to simmer. Whisk in cornstarch mixture; cook 2 minutes, whisking constantly. Transfer to 6 parfait glasses; cover and refrigerate until cold.




1 c. butter (no substitutions)
1 package cream cheese
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
4 oz. dried apples
½ c. walnuts
¼ c. packed brown sugar
1 c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
¾ c. apple jelly
confectioners' sugar
Prepare dough:
Meanwhile, prepare filling:
Prepare Spice Sugar:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Sprinkle work surface with 2 tablespoons Spice Sugar. Place 1 disk dough on top of sugar; turn over to coat both sides. Roll dough into 10-inch round, turning round over a few times and sprinkling dough with 2 more tablespoons Spice Sugar to coat both sides.
Spread top of round with 3 tablespoons jelly, then sprinkle with 1/2 cup filling, leaving 1/2-inch border around edge. With knife, cut dough into 16 equal wedges. Starting at wide end, roll up each wedge jelly-roll fashion. Place rugelach, 1 inch apart, on prepared cookie sheet, point side down.
Bake rugelach 30 to 33 minutes or until dough is browned and cooked through. Immediately transfer to wire rack to cool.
Repeat with remaining dough, Spice Sugar, jelly, and filling. Store cookies in airtight containers at room temperature up to 1 week or in freezer up to 3 months. Dust with confectioners' sugar to serve.


2¼ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 c. butter or margarine
½ c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. almond extract
Candy decors (optional)

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place 3 cookie sheets in freezer.
On waxed paper, combine flour, baking powder, and salt.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat butter and sugar until pale and creamy. Beat in egg, then beat in extracts. With mixer on low speed, gradually add flour mixture. Beat just until blended.
Spoon one-third of dough into cookie press or large decorating bag fitted with large star tip. Onto chilled cookie sheet, press or pipe dough into desired shapes, spacing 2 inches apart. Sprinkle with candy decors, if using, before baking.
Bake cookies 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned around edges. Cool on cookie sheet on wire rack 2 minutes. Transfer cookies to wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with remaining dough. Decorate cookies as desired with


3 large egg whites
¼ tsp. almond extract
.13 tsp. cream of tartar
1 pinch salt
½ c. sugar
¾ c. roasted, salted almonds
5 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper.
In medium bowl, with mixer on high speed, beat egg whites, extract, cream of tartar, and salt until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in sugar until sugar dissolves and meringue stands in stiff, glossy peaks when beaters are lifted.
Spoon meringue into large resealable plastic bag with one corner cut to create small hole. Pipe meringue into 1-inch rounds, 1 inch apart, on prepared sheets.
Bake 1 hour 30 minutes to 1 hour 40 minutes or until crisp but not brown, rotating cookie sheets between oven racks halfway through baking. Cool completely on sheets on wire racks.
Meanwhile, in food processor, pulse almonds until finely chopped; place on plate. In small bowl, microwave chocolate on medium 1 minute 30 seconds or until melted, stirring every 30 seconds.
Line large jelly-roll pan with waxed paper. Dip bottom third of each meringue in chocolate, then almonds, using fork if necessary to help hold meringue base when dipping. Place on prepared pan; let stand until set. Store cookies in airtight containers, layered with waxed paper, at room temperature up to 3 days or in freezer up to 1 month.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. sugar
¾ c. unsweetened cocoa
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. hot water
¾ c. low-fat buttermilk
½ c. vegetable oil
3 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 lb. semisweet chocolate
1½ c. heavy or whipping cream
3 tbsp. crème de menthe or 1 teaspoon peppermint extract
1 tbsp. corn syrup
14  dark chocolate thin mint candies (such as After Eight)
candy canes
Peppermint sticks
Starlight mints
Prepare cake:
In large bowl, with mixer on low speed, beat flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, and salt until well combined. With mixer running, add water, buttermilk, oil, eggs, and vanilla. Increase speed to medium and beat until smooth, scraping bowl occasionally. Divide batter between prepared pans.
Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Let cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Invert onto racks. Discard parchment paper; cool completely. Cake layers can be kept at room temperature, wrapped tightly in plastic wrap, overnight.
Prepare ganache:
With long serrated knife, cut each cake in half horizontally. Place 1 layer, cut side up, on wire rack set over waxed paper. Spread top with one-quarter of frosting and top with another cake layer, cut side up. Spread with another quarter of frosting and top with even layer of thin mint candies, breaking pieces to fit. Place another cake layer on top. Spread with another quarter of frosting and top with final cake layer. Spread remaining frosting over top and sides of cake to seal in crumbs. Let stand in cool place for frosting to harden and set.
When frosting is set, add corn syrup to reserved ganache in saucepan. Heat on low just until runny, stirring constantly. Pour glaze over cake and immediately spread to evenly coat top and sides. (Excess glaze will run through rack.) Let cake stand until set. Carefully transfer to cake plate. Decorate with candy as desired.




1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ tsp. kosher salt
½ c.  cold unsalted butter
3 large eggs
¼ c. firmly packed light brown sugar
1 can pure pumpkin
½ c. whole milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¾ tsp. ground cinnamon
¾ tsp. ground ginger
1/2 c. pure maple syrup
6 tbsp. pure maple syrup
1 c. heavy cream
In a food processor, combine the flour, granulated sugar and 1/4 tsp salt. Add the butter and pulse to form coarse crumbs. Add 2 Tbsp cold water, pulsing until the dough begins to come together (if necessary, add more water 1 tsp at a time).
Transfer the dough to a piece of plastic wrap; shape into a 1-in.-thick disk. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.
Heat oven to 350°F. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 12-in. circle. Fit it into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-in. pie plate; trim the overhang 1/2 in. from the edge of the rim. Fold the overhang under itself and crimp as desired. Refrigerate until ready to fill.
In a bowl, combine the eggs, brown sugar, pumpkin, milk, vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, 1/2 cup maple syrup, 1/4 cup cream and remaining 1/4 tsp salt. Transfer to the prepared crust and bake until the filling is just set in the center and crust is golden brown, 60 to 65 minutes. Let cool.
Ten minutes before serving, using an electric mixer, beat the remaining 3/4 cup cream and 6 Tbsp maple syrup until soft peaks form. Serve with the pie.


8 oz. cream cheese
2  egg yolks
2 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 package puff pastry
¾ c. leftover cranberry sauce
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a medium bowl and using an electric mixer set on low, beat cream cheese, egg yolks, and 1 cup confectioners' sugar until smooth, 2 to 3 minutes. Set aside.
Roll out 1 puff pastry sheet into a 10-inch square. Cut into four 5-inch squares. Place 2 tablespoons cream cheese mixture in center of each square. Top each with 1 1/2 tablespoons cranberry sauce. Dampen edges of each square with water and fold over to form a triangle. Press edges together with a fork to seal. Transfer turnovers to a parchment-lined baking pan. Repeat with second puff pastry sheet to make remaining turnovers.
Bake turnovers until puffed and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer turnovers to a wire rack to cool, about 10 minutes.
In a small bowl, stir together remaining confectioners' sugar and 4 tablespoons water until a thick but flowing icing forms. (If icing is too thick, add more water, a few drops at a time.) Fill a resealable plastic bag with icing, seal bag, and snip off a tiny corner. Pipe icing over turnovers, as shown.


8 tbsp. unsalted butter
6 oz. bittersweet chocolate
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. cayenne pepper
½ tsp. salt
1¾ c. sugar
4 large eggs
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ c. solid-pack pumpkin
¼ c. vegetable oil
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
½ c. chopped hazelnuts or other nuts
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch square baking pan or dish. Line bottom of pan with parchment paper; butter lining.
Melt chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, stirring occasionally until smooth.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, cayenne, and salt in a large bowl; set aside. Put sugar, eggs, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; beat until fluffy and well combined, 3 to 5 minutes. Beat in flour mixture.
Divide batter between two medium bowls (about 2 cups per bowl). Stir chocolate mixture into one bowl. In other bowl, stir in pumpkin, oil, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Transfer half of chocolate batter to prepared pan smoothing top with a rubber spatula. Top with half of pumpkin batter. Repeat to make one more chocolate layer and one more pumpkin layer. Work quickly so batters don't set.
With a small spatula or a table knife, gently swirl the two batters to create a marbled effect. Sprinkle with nuts.
Bake until set, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool in pan on a wire rack. Cut into 16 squares.


.67 c. firmly packed light brown sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
½ tsp. kosher salt
1½ c. whole milk
4 large egg yolks plus 3 whole eggs
1 can pure pumpkin
1 tsp. grated fresh ginger
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
Confectioners’ sugar, for dusting
In a heavy-bottomed saucepan, whisk together the brown sugar, cornstarch and 1/4 tsp salt. Whisk in the milk, then whisk in the egg yolks. Stirring constantly, bring the mixture to a simmer (about 8 minutes). Simmer, whisking, until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the pumpkin and ginger and cook, stirring, for 1 minute.
Transfer the pumpkin mixture to a bowl and stir in the vanilla. Place a piece of parchment paper directly against the surface. Refrigerate the pastry cream until chilled, at least 2 hours and up to 2 days.
Meanwhile, make the puffs: Heat oven to 400°F. In a medium saucepan, combine the butter, granulated sugar, 3/4 cup water and remaining 1/4 tsp salt. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring occasionally to melt the butter. Remove from heat and stir in the flour and cinnamon. Return the mixture to medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until it pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 1 minute.
Transfer the hot mixture to a large bowl. Using an electric mixer on low speed, beat for 1 minute to cool slightly. Beat in the eggs one at a time (the dough will be smooth and shiny). Transfer to a freezer-safe resealable bag; snip off a corner to make a 3/4-in. opening. Pipe 1-in. mounds onto parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing them 1 in. apart. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through, until puffed and golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.
Using a sharp paring knife, cut the puffs in half horizontally, and fill with pumpkin pastry cream. Dust with confectioners' sugar before serving, if desired.


⅓ c. packed light brown sugar
4 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
4 large Granny Smith apples
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 tbsp. light butter (like Land O’Lakes)
⅓ c. coarsely chopped walnuts
⅓ c. old fashioned rolled oats
⅓ c. packed light brown sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
3 tbsp. light butter
1 c. low-fat vanilla ice cream
1 c. fat-free non-dairy whipped topping
4 tsp. fat-free caramel topping
Filling:
In a bowl, mix sugar, flour, and cinnamon. Add apples and lemon juice; toss to coat. Mound filling in prepared baking dish and dot with butter, cut into bits.
Bake 25 minutes. Remove; cool on a wire rack. Increase oven temp to 375 degrees F.
Topping:
Sprinkle topping evenly over apples, pressing down lightly. Return dish to oven and bake 25 minutes or until the top is crisp and browned and the filling is bubbly.
Cool on a wire rack just until warm. Spoon into four serving bowls. Top each with 1/4 cup ice cream, 1/4 cup whipped topping, and a drizzle of caramel topping.


2 c. finely crumbled shortbread cookies
1 stick unsalted butter
1 lb. cream cheese
1 can pumpkin puree
2¾ c. sour cream
8 oz. soft goat cheese
2 large egg
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. cinnamon
½ tsp. ground nutmeg
¼ tsp. ground cloves
2 tbsp. lime juice
¼ c. honey
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In small bowl, mix crumbs and butter. Wrap aluminum foil around outside of a 9-inch springform pan. Press crumbs into bottom of pan and bake for 12 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Meanwhile, increase oven to 350 degrees F.
Using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese until smooth, about 5 minutes. Beat in pumpkin, 3/4 cup sour cream, goat cheese, eggs, sugar, and flour and combine until smooth, about 5 minutes. Add vanilla, spices, and lime juice. Beat until mixed, about 3 minutes.
Butter sides of springform pan. Pour cream cheese–pumpkin mixture over crust. Bake for 1 hour; then turn heat off and allow cake to sit in oven for an additional 20 minutes. If not set, leave in oven for another 15 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely; then transfer to refrigerator until completely chilled, about 3 hours.
Remove aluminum foil. Using a knife, cut around sides to loosen cheesecake. Open latch to release pan sides. To serve: In a small bowl, mix remaining sour cream with honey and spoon on top of cheesecake.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
½ stick cold unsalted butter
3 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
4 tbsp. cold lard
1 c. light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. milk
½ c. sour cream
3 large eggs
1 large egg yolk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 c. pureed cooked sweet potatoes
In a food processor, pulse together flour, sugar, and salt. Add 1/2 stick butter and lard and pulse 10 times, or until large pea-size lumps form. With motor running, gradually add ice water just until dough holds together when pinched between two fingers. Shape dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 2 days.
On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to a 12-inch round. Fit into a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate. Trim edges of dough, leaving a 1-inch overhang all around. Fold overhang over to form a high edge, then crimp dough.
To make decorative leaves:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together brown sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt until well combined. Whisk in milk, sour cream, eggs, extra yolk, and vanilla. Whisk in sweet potatoes. In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt remaining butter. Cook until butter foams; then continue until foam subsides and butter turns a rich brown. Immediately pour butter into sweet-potato mixture and whisk until incorporated.
Place pie plate on a rimmed baking sheet. Pour filling into crust. Bake until pie sets but center is still slightly wobbly, 50 to 60 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.


1¼ c. graham cracker crumbs
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. light brown sugar
2 can sweetened condensed milk
Fleur de sel
2 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse the graham cracker crumbs with the melted butter and light brown sugar until the crumbs are moistened. Press the crumbs evenly into a 9-inch glass or metal pie plate. Bake for about 10 minutes, just until lightly browned. Let cool. Increase the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.
Scrape the condensed milk into a 9- by 13-inch glass baking dish and sprinkle with a scant 1/2 teaspoon of fleur de sel. Cover the dish with foil and place it in a roasting pan. Add enough hot water to the pan to reach one-third of the way up the side of the baking dish. Bake, lifting the foil to stir 2 or 3 times, until the condensed milk is golden and thickened, about 2 hours; add more water to the roasting pan as necessary. The consistency of the caramel should be like dulce de leche. Don't worry if it is lumpy; it will smooth out as it chills.
Scrape the caramel filling into the pie crust, smoothing the top. Spray a sheet of plastic wrap with vegetable oil spray and cover the pie. Refrigerate until the filling is chilled and set, at least 4 hours.
In a bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the cream with the confectioners' sugar until firm. Remove the plastic. Mound the whipped cream on top of the pie and sprinkle with fleur de sel. Cut into wedges and serve.


6 c. cubed brioche or challah bread
1½ c. sugar
½ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
½ tsp. cinnamon
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
1 tsp. finely grated orange zest
1 pinch salt
4 lb. Granny Smith apples
½ c. apple cider
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp. fresh orange juice
3 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
Vanilla ice cream or whipped cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the brioche on a baking sheet and toast until dry, about 8 minutes. Let cool, then pulse the bread into coarse crumbs in a food processor. Spread one-third of the crumbs in a buttered 9- by 13-inch baking dish in an even layer.
In a small bowl, combine the sugar with the nutmeg, cinnamon, lemon zest, orange zest, and salt. Spread half of the apples over the crumbs in the baking dish and top with half of the sugar mixture. In another bowl, mix the cider with the lemon and orange juices; drizzle over the apples. Cover with another third of the crumbs and the remaining apples and sugar mixture. Cover with the remaining crumbs. Using a sharp knife, shave the butter as thinly as possible; dot it all over the top.
Bake the apple Betty in the center of the oven for about 1 hour, until the apples are tender and the juices are bubbling; cover the baking dish during the last 15 minutes to prevent the crumbs from getting too dark. Let cool for 30 minutes, then serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. quick-cooking or old-fashioned rolled oats
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. kosher salt
2½ stick unsalted butter
1 c. light brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1½ c. semisweet or white chocolate chips
1½ c. dried cranberries
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, mix the flour with the oats, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter and both sugars at medium speed until creamy. Add the egg followed by the egg yolk and vanilla, beating well between additions and scraping down the side of the bowl as necessary. Beat in the dry ingredients, then add the chocolate chips and cranberries and beat until incorporated.
Spoon heaping teaspoons of the dough onto the baking sheets, 2 inches apart. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the cookies begin to brown at the edges. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets, then transfer them to a rack to cool completely.


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. light brown sugar
½ tsp. salt
5 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. salt
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. cinnamon
1 stick cold unsalted butter
¾ c. sour cream
1 large egg
1 large Granny Smith apple
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle, combine the flour with the brown sugar and salt. Add the butter pieces and mix at medium-low speed until the mixture resembles coarse meal; continue mixing the streusel until very small clumps form. Transfer the streusel to a large plate and refrigerate until it is well chilled, about 10 minutes.
Line 18 standard-size muffin cups with paper liners. Spray the liners with vegetable oil cooking spray. In the mixer bowl, combine the flour with the granulated sugar, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and cinnamon. Add the butter pieces and beat at low speed until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the sour cream and beaten egg and beat until the batter is smooth. Add the diced apple and beat just until incorporated.
Fill the muffin cups halfway with the crumb cake batter. Press the streusel into clumps and sprinkle on top. Bake the crumb cakes in the center of the oven for about 30 minutes, until risen, golden and springy to the touch; rotate the pans halfway through baking. Let the crumb cakes cool slightly before serving.


1 c. white chocolate chips
6  chocolate sandwich cookies (such as Oreos)
3 tbsp. bittersweet chocolate chips
In a microwave-safe bowl, melt the white chocolate on high, stirring every 30 seconds, until smooth, about 1 minute.
Spoon 1 Tbsp white chocolate into each of the 6 skull-shaped cavities of the mold. Gently tap the mold to break any air bubbles. Place 1 cookie in each mold, gently pressing down so the chocolate rises and covers the sides of each cookie. Top each cookie with 1 Tbsp white chocolate and, using the back of a spoon, spread it evenly over the cookie to cover. Refrigerate for 20 minutes.
In a microwave-safe bowl, melt the bittersweet chocolate on high, stirring every 15 seconds, until smooth, about 30 seconds. Carefully pop the skulls out of the mold and arrange faceup.
Dip a wooden pick into the melted bittersweet chocolate so that it's generously coated and use it to drop the chocolate into the eye and nose cavities. Let stand until set, about 10 minutes.


2 lb. nectarines
1 c. sugar
2½ tbsp. fresh lemon juice
3 tbsp. ginger liqueur
¾ c. cold buttermilk
½ tsp. finely grated lemon zest
In a medium saucepan, toss the sliced nectarines with 3/4 cup of the sugar and 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice, and let stand until juicy, about 20 minutes. Bring the nectarines to a boil and simmer over low heat, mashing lightly, just until softened, about 8 minutes. Let cool.
Transfer the nectarines to a food processor and pulse to a coarse puree. Strain the puree, pressing hard on the skins to extract as much juice as possible. Add 2 tablespoons of the ginger liqueur and 1/2 cup of water to the puree; you should have about 3 cups of loose puree. Fill eight 6-ounce popsicle molds with half of the nectarine puree and freeze until firm but not solid, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, in a bowl, combine the buttermilk with the remaining 1/4 cup of sugar, 1/2 tablespoon of lemon juice, 1 tablespoon of ginger liqueur, and the lemon zest. Whisk until the sugar is dissolved, then refrigerate.
Pour the buttermilk mixture into the popsicle molds and freeze for about 1 hour, until firm but not solid. Pour the remaining nectarine puree into the molds and add the sticks, pushing them nearly through the popsicles. Freeze until firm, at least 4 hours and preferably overnight.
Dip the molds in hot water for a few seconds, then unmold the popsicles and serve right away.


1½ stick unsalted butter
1 c. dark brown sugar
5 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. fine sea salt
1  vanilla bean
6 large egg yolks
boiling water
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Whipped crème fraîche
Maldon sea salt
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a large saucepan, melt the butter. Add the brown sugar and cook over moderately high heat, whisking constantly, until smooth and bubbling, about 5 minutes. Gradually whisk in the cream. Return the mixture to a boil, whisking constantly. Add the salt and vanilla seeds.
In a large heatproof bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Gradually whisk in the hot cream mixture. Strain the custard into eight 6-ounce ramekins. Set the ramekins in a small roasting pan and place it in the middle of the oven. Fill the roasting pan with enough boiling water to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Cover with foil and bake for 1 hour, until the custards are set but still slightly wobbly in the center. Transfer the ramekins to a baking sheet and refrigerate until chilled, 4 hours.
In a medium saucepan, mix the sugar with 2 tablespoons of water and cook undisturbed over high heat, until a deep amber caramel forms, 6 minutes. Using a moistened pastry brush, wash down any crystals from the side of the saucepan from time to time. Remove from the heat. Add 2/3 cup of water and stir until smooth. Let the caramel sauce cool, then stir in the vanilla.
Top the pots de crème with the caramel sauce and whipped crème fraîche, sprinkle with Maldon sea salt, and serve.


1 lb. apricots
1 tbsp. honey
¼ tsp. sugar
1 pinch ground cardamom
½ c. crushed amaretti cookies
2 tbsp. chilled heavy cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange the apricots on the baking sheet, cut sides up. Drizzle the honey on top and sprinkle with the sugar, cardamom, and crushed cookies. Bake for 30 minutes, until softened and lightly browned.
In a bowl, whisk the cream until soft peaks barely form. Transfer the apricots to plates, spoon the cream on top, and serve.


1 box devil's food cake mix, such as Betty Crocker
¼ c. unsweetened cocoa
1 c. mayonnaise
3 large eggs
1 c. water
2 container Chocolate frosting
¼ c. sour cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. chopped almonds
1 c. sweetened flaked coconut
Make the cake: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly coat two 8-inch cake pans with softened butter. Cut two 8-inch circles out of parchment paper and fit them into the bottom of the cake pans. Lightly coat the paper circles with butter. Lightly flour both pans, shake out excess flour and set aside. Beat the cake mix, cocoa, mayonnaise, eggs, and water in a large bowl with an electric mixer set on low speed. Increase speed to high and beat for 2 more minutes. Pour batter into prepared pans and bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean -- about 35 minutes. Cool cakes in pans on wire racks for 20 minutes. Remove cakes from pans and return to the wire racks until completely cool.
Make the filling: Whisk the frosting, sour cream, and vanilla together in a large bowl. Transfer 1 1/2 cups of frosting to a medium bowl and stir in the almonds and the toasted coconut. Set aside.
Assemble the cake: Split both layers and brush away any excess crumbs. Place one split layer on a cake plate. Tuck strips of wax paper under the edges of the cake to protect the plate. Spread 1/3 of the filling over the layer. Top with the next layer and spread another 1/3 of the filling over the top. Repeat with the third cake layer and remaining filling and top with the final cake layer. Spread the frosting over the top of cake smoothing out to the edges. Spread the remaining frosting around the sides and serve or store covered for up to 4 days.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. butter (no substitutions)
⅓ c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. packed light brown sugar
2 tbsp. pure maple syrup
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ c. finely chopped pecans
Sanding sugar (optional)
On waxed paper, mix flour and salt.
In large bowl, with mixer on medium speed, beat butter and sugars until just blended and creamy, occasionally scraping bowl with rubber spatula. Add syrup and vanilla; beat until mixed. Reduce speed to low; gradually beat in flour, then pecans, just until blended, scraping bowl.
Divide dough into 2 equal pieces. Flatten each piece into a disk and wrap each in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 3 days. Let stand until pliable enough to roll.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Between sheets of waxed paper, roll 1 disk of dough 1/4 in. thick. Remove top sheet of waxed paper. With 2- to 4-in. leaf-shaped cutters, cut dough into as many cookies as possible. Refrigerate trimmings. Place cookies, 1 inch apart, on prepared sheets.
Bake cookies 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Transfer cookies to wire rack to cool. Repeat with remaining dough and trimmings.
When cookies are cool, brush with syrup to glaze, if desired. Sprinkle sanding sugar over syrup glaze, if desired. Let sugared cookies dry 1 hour.
Store cookies (with waxed paper between layers if decorated) in airtight containers at room temperature up to 1 week, or in freezer up to 3 months.


1½ stick unsalted butter
6 oz. bittersweet chocolate
3 tbsp. cocoa powder
3 large eggs
3 large egg yolks
⅓ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. In a heatproof bowl set over simmering water, or in the top of a double boiler, melt butter and chocolate. Meanwhile, butter four 6-ounce ramekins and coat all with 2 tablespoons cocoa powder; tap out excess. Transfer ramekins to a baking sheet and set aside. Remove chocolate mixture from heat and set aside to let cool slightly.
In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, yolks, and granulated sugar. Stir in reserved chocolate mixture. Stir in flour and remaining cocoa powder until just combined. Divide batter among ramekins and bake until cakes are firm yet soft in center, 13 to 14 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool slightly, about 1 minute.
Invert ramekins onto serving plates to release cakes. Dust tops with confectioners' sugar.


2 envelope unflavored gelatin
½ c. water
1 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. confectioners’ sugar
1 c. granulated sugar
½ c. light corn syrup
2 tsp. vanilla extract
In cup, sprinkle gelatin over 1/4 cup water; let stand to soften gelatin. Onto waxed paper, sift cornstarch and 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar. Spray 9-inch by 9-inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray; coat with cornstarch mixture.
In 2-quart saucepan, heat granulated sugar, corn syrup, and 1/4 cup water to boiling, stirring. Boil 1 minute. Add gelatin mixture; cook over low heat to dissolve, stirring.
In large bowl, with mixer at high speed, beat gelatin mixture and vanilla 15 minutes or until very thick and glossy. Spread in pan; sift 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar over top. Cover with waxed paper; let set at room temperature 2 hours or until firm enough to cut.
With 3-inch ghost-shaped cookie cutter, cut mixture into ghosts.


4 piece black licorice lace
1 tbsp. chocolate chips
1  chocolate-covered marshmallow cookie
2  chocolate chips
Bend black licorice lace into semicircles. Spread some chocolate from melted chocolate chips on bottom of
chocolate-covered marshmallow cookie.
Press licorice into chocolate for 8 spider legs. Dip 2 chocolate chips in melted chocolate; attach for eyes. Refrigerate 10 minutes.


2 small ripe bananas
2 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Insert freezer-pop sticks into cut sides of each banana half. Place on waxed paper.
Drizzle melted chocolate over bananas. Freeze 1 hour. (Can be frozen, in resealable plastic bag, up to 1 week.)
Let stand 5 minutes before eating.


¾ lb. zucchini
1 box devil's food cake mix
3 large eggs
½ c. vegetable oil
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 24 muffin-pan cups with paper liners. Trim zucchini; in food processor, pulse until pureed. In a large bowl, whisk devil's food cake mix, eggs, vegetable oil, and zucchini puree 2 minutes or until very smooth.
Fold in chocolate chips. Divide among muffin cups. Bake 24 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool completely on wire rack.


1 c. old-fashioned oats
1 c. whole wheat flour
½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¼ c. brown sugar
1 tbsp. brown sugar
1 c. low-fat buttermilk
¼ c. fresh orange juice
2 tbsp. canola oil
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. blueberries
¼ c. natural almonds
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line 12-cup muffin pan with paper liners.
Grind oats in blender. In bowl, whisk oats, flours, baking powder and soda, salt, and 1/4 cup sugar. In small bowl, whisk buttermilk, juice, oil, egg, and vanilla. Stir into flour mixture; fold in blueberries.
Combine nuts and remaining sugar. Spoon batter into pan; sprinkle with almond sugar. Bake 22 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Cool in pan on wire rack 5 minutes. Remove from pan; cool completely.


4 oz. bittersweet chocolate
2 c. brown rice crisp cereal
¼ c. walnuts
In large microwave-safe bowl, place chocolate. Microwave on High 2 minutes or until melted, stirring every 30 seconds.
Stir in cereal and walnuts until evenly coated. With measuring teaspoon, drop heaping spoonfuls onto waxed paper.
Refrigerate 20 minutes or until set (or, in airtight container, up to 1 month).


¾ c. low-fat (1%) milk
1 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ tsp. no-calorie sweetener
.13 tsp. pure vanilla extract
4 large ice cubes
1 tbsp. light whipped cream
In blender, combine milk, cocoa powder, sweetener, and vanilla extract.
Blend until cocoa dissolves, scraping container. Add ice cubes; blend well. Pour into cup; top with whipped cream. Serve immediately.


4 oz. Brie
12  fresh figs
¼ c. pure honey
1 tbsp. water
4 sprig fresh thyme
¼ tsp. Freshly ground black pepper
Arrange Brie wedges on large plate in single layer. Arrange fig halves on top, cut sides up.
Heat honey, water, and thyme to boiling in a small sauce­pan. Cook 1 minute.
Drizzle honey mixture over figs; sprinkle with black pepper.


4 pt. fresh blackberries
1½ c. melted unsalted butter
2  pie dough sheets
2½ c. granulated sugar
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
1 c. hot water
Taste the blackberries. If the berries are extremely tart then use more sugar (about 3 cups). If they have a little sweetness/tartness flavor then only use 2 1/2 cups of sugar. Sample several blackberries from the bunch.
In a 9- by 9-inch baking dish add 1/4 cup melted butter to bottom of the dish. Coat entire bottom. Lay one pie dough sheet along the bottom. Extra dough will come up the side a little. Let sit until the butter is absorbed by the dough.
In a large mixing bowl, add berries, sugar (add the additional 1/2 cup if you have really tart berries), flour, corn starch, cinnamon, and remaining 1 1/4 cup melted butter and mix with a large spoon.
Once all of the ingredients are mixed add about half the hot water to the mixture. Looking for a vivacious purple color and the consistency of lumpy wet concrete or lumpy roux. If necessary, add additional hot water to achieve this texture but do not overdo it. Most of the berries should start breaking down, with a small number of whole berries remaining.
Spoon mixture into the dish on top of the dough sheet, which should be good and buttery by now. Spread mixture out evenly. Add the other pie dough sheet to the top of the mixture. You do not have to be fancy.
Place your baking dish on a sheet pan large enough to allow for spillage. Bake at 350 degrees F for about one hour. The crust should be golden brown and the mixture should have bubbled out onto the crust. Let cool for 20 minutes and serve with butter pecan ice cream, or your favorite flavor.


1 lb. fresh blueberries
¼ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. water
2 tsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice
In a medium to small sauce pan, add all of the above ingredients together and simmer for about 10-15 minutes, until the juices of the berries have released and made a sauce.
Refrigerate before serving.


2½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1½ c. unsalted butter
⅓ c. confectioners' sugar
1 pinch salt
Melt chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, stirring occasionally. Let cool to room temperature, 25 to 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, put butter, confectioners' sugar, and salt into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; mix on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce speed to low. Add melted chocolate and mix until combined, scraping down sides of bowl as needed. Use immediately.




1 tbsp. butter
sugar
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ c. whole milk
1 c.
3 large eggs
¼ c. maple syrup
½ tsp. ground nutmeg
salt
Whipped cream (optional)
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter a 1 1/2-quart souffle dish; dust with sugar.
In a medium saucepan, heat butter over medium. Add flour, and cook, stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in milk; simmer, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 1 minute. Remove from heat; mix in sweet potatoes and egg yolks. Stir in maple syrup and nutmeg, and set aside.
Using an electric mixer, beat egg whites with a pinch of salt until stiff peaks form. Whisk 1/4 of whites into sweet potato mixture; using a rubber spatula, gently fold in remaining whites. Pour mixture into prepared dish; place on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until puffed, 35 to 45 minutes. Serve immediately, with whipped cream, if desired.


2 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
3 large egg whites
3 large egg yolks
.13 tsp. cream of tartar
5½ oz. bittersweet chocolate (70 percent cacao)
.67 c. whole milk
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1½ tsp. cornstarch
.13 tsp. salt
3 tbsp. creme fraiche or sour cream
confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Brush four 7-ounce ramekins generously with the butter; coat with granulated sugar. Whisk whites with a mixer until frothy, about 2 minutes. Add cream of tartar; whisk until soft peaks form. Add 1/3 cup granulated sugar; whisk until medium peaks form, about 5 minutes.
Set chocolate in a bowl. Whisk milk into cornstarch and salt in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring, until thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk into chocolate (mixture will separate). Whisk in yolks and creme fraiche. Gently fold in egg whites.
Fill ramekins evenly with batter. Bake on a baking sheet, rotating halfway through, until souffles rise but centers are still liquid, about 14 minutes. Dust with confectioners' sugar.


4 large white eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ tsp. cream of tartar
1¼ c. superfine sugar
8 oz. cream cheese
1 c. Greek-style whole milk yogurt or whole-milk plain yogurt
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
3 tbsp. pasteurized or reconstituted powdered egg whites
1 pt. fresh golden currants
Preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Line mini-muffin tins with paper liners. In a mixer fitted with the whisk, beat egg whites, vanilla, and cream of tartar on medium until soft peaks form. Add 1 cup superfine sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time. Raise speed to medium-high; beat until stiff peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, fold in remaining 1/4 cup superfine sugar.
Transfer meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a coupler but no tip. Pipe meringue into paper liners, filling just to tops. Bake until slightly puffed, about 1 hour. Meringues should be crisp on the outside and have a soft center. Cool completely in tins on wire racks. Remove from tins; store in an airtight container up to 2 days.
In a mixer fitted with the paddle, beat cream cheese on medium until smooth. Add yogurt and confectioners' sugar, and mix to combine. Refrigerate in an airtight container up to 3 days.
Brush a thin layer of pasteurized or reconstituted egg whites on each currant to coat. Roll currants in superfine sugar, and place on baking sheet.
Using a pastry bag fitted with an Ateco #35 star tip, pipe a rosette of yogurt cream on top of each meringue. Garnish pavlovas with sugared currants, and serve immediately.


¼ c. cocoa powder
2 tbsp. red food coloring
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. vegetable shortening
1½ tsp. vegetable shortening
1.67 c. sugar
3 large eggs
1 c. buttermilk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2½ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1 tsp. salt
1 tbsp. cider vinegar
1 tsp. baking soda
¼ c. melted dark chocolate

Preheat oven to 325 degrees F with rack in the center of the oven. Butter an 18- by 13-inch rimmed baking sheet, line with parchment paper, butter parchment, and set aside.
In a medium bowl, whisk together cocoa powder, food coloring, and 1/4 cup boiling water. Set aside to cool.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together butter and shortening on high speed until smooth. Add sugar and continue beating until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
Stir buttermilk and vanilla into cocoa mixture. Into another medium bowl, sift together flour and salt. With the mixer on low, add flour mixture alternating with cocoa mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Beat until incorporated.
In a small bowl, mix together vinegar and baking soda until baking soda dissolves; mixture will fizz. Add to batter and mix until just combined.
Pour batter into prepared baking sheet, smoothing the top. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 20 to 30 minutes, rotating pan after 10 minutes.
Cook cake completely on a wire rack. Using a 4-inch heart-shaped cookie cutter, cut out 12 hearts.
Place 4 strips of parchment paper around perimeter of a serving plate or lazy susan. Place 1 layer on the cake plate. Spread a thin layer of frosting on the cake; top with another heart, bottom side up. Cover entire cake with a thin layer of frosting and transfer to refrigerator for 10 minutes. Repeat process with remaining ingredients.
Remove cakes from the refrigerator and cover each cake with a generous layer of frosting, smoothing as you go around to create a flat surface.
Place chocolate in a pastry bag fitted with a small plain round tip; decorate as desired.



unsalted butter

1 c.
Red gel-paste food coloring
White gumdrops
Prepare batter for
Using a serrated knife, trim top of cake level, then cut in half horizontally. Place 1 cake layer on a small cake stand or a cardboard round wrapped in parchment paper. Spread with 1/3 cup frosting. Top with remaining layer. Thinly coat top and sides with 1/4 cup frosting. Refrigerate 10 minutes. Remove from refrigerator, and frost with 1/2 cup frosting. Refrigerate 10 minutes. Frost mini cupcakes with remaining frosting (about 1 1/2 teaspoons frosting per cupcake).
Place 1 cup buttercream in a small bowl; tint buttercream pink. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a coupler and a small plain round tip (such as Ateco #5). Using a toothpick, make an outline of a garland on the side of the cake. Pipe buttercream over design, doubling back and forth over the line to create a crocheted effect. Ruffles along the bottom border of the cake can be made by switching to a ribbon tip (such as Ateco #44). Gently press rounded gumdrop halves into frosting at the top of each garland strand; reserve flat gumdrop halves for another use.


1 package cream cheese
½ c. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. pure maple syrup
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 c. confectioners' sugar
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat cream cheese and butter together until smooth. Add maple syrup, vanilla, and confectioners' sugar; continue beating until well combined and smooth.


1½ c. sugar
¼ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1½ c. milk
¼ c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. heavy cream
1½ c. unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
Food coloring in desired color
Whisk together sugar and flour in medium heavy-bottomed saucepan. Add milk and cream and place over medium heat, whisking occasionally until mixture comes to a boil and has thickened, about 20 minutes.
Transfer mixture to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on high speed until cool. Reduce speed to low and add butter; mix until well incorporated. Increase speed to medium-high and mix until frosting is light and fluffy. Add vanilla and cinnamon and continue mixing until combined. Add a couple drops of food coloring while continuing to mix, until desired color is reached. If frosting is too soft, chill slightly and then re-mix to proper consistency. If frosting becomes too firm, place bowl over a pot of simmering water and re-mix to proper consistency.


1 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
4 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
salt
6 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
2 tbsp. cold water
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 tsp. freshly grated lemon zest
2 c. blueberries
Pulse flour, confectioners' sugar, and a pinch of salt in a food processor to combine. Add butter, and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. With processor running, add cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until a dough forms (do not process more than 20 seconds).
Cut dough in half; shape each half into a disk. Wrap in plastic wrap; refrigerate at least 30 minutes, or up to 1 day. Cut 1 disk into 12 pieces; on a lightly floured work surface, flatten each piece into a 2-inch round. Press a round onto bottom and up sides of each cup of a 12-cup nonstick mini-muffin tin. Repeat with remaining disk of dough and second muffin tin. Refrigerate 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Stir together granulated sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice and zest, and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Add berries; toss to coat. Fill shells with berry mixture. Bake until crusts are brown and filling is bubbling, about 25 minutes. Let cool slightly in tins. Run a knife around tarts; remove from tins. Let cool completely on rack.


1 c. unsalted butter
2¼ c. sifted cake flour (not self-rising)
½ c. milk
4 large eggs
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1  orange
1½ c. sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
1 c. sweet orange marmalade

Food coloring
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 11- by 17-inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper; butter parchment and sides of pan, and dust with flour. Set aside.
In a small bowl, whisk together milk, eggs, vanilla, and orange zest. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. With mixer on low, add butter 1/2 stick at a time; beat until mixture is the texture of coarse meal. Add half the milk mixture, and increase speed to medium-high; beat 1 minute. With mixer running, slowly add remaining milk mixture. Beat 30 seconds more.
Spread batter into prepared pan, smoothing top with a spatula. Bake until golden on the top and edges are pulling away from the sides, 20 to 25 minutes.
Transfer to a wire rack; let cool 10 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the pan, and invert onto wire rack. Remove parchment; let cake cool completely.
Cut cake in half, into two 8 1/2- by 11-inch pieces. In a small saucepan, heat marmalade until it is syrupy (strain as needed). Spread over one half; let cool at least 10 minutes. Top with remaining half.
Cut cake into 8 pieces, each about 3 by 4 inches. Cut parchment paper into 8 pieces, each 4 by 5 inches; set a piece of cake on each. Measure 2 1/2 cups buttercream; set aside. Using a small offset spatula, thinly coat top and sides of each piece with some of the remaining buttercream to seal in crumbs. Transfer cakes on parchment paper to a baking sheet, and place in refrigerator 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from refrigerator; cover each piece with a final layer of buttercream, smoothing top and sides with the offset spatula. Return baking sheet to refrigerator.
Place 3/4 cup reserved buttercream in a small bowl; tint it red for the numbers. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with an Ateco #11 large round tip. Divide remaining 1 3/4 cups reserved buttercream among four small bowls; tint each a different color. Transfer all but one color to separate pastry bags fitted with #11 tips. Place remaining color in a pastry bag fitted with an Ateco #5 small round tip to make tiny dots. Remove cakes from refrigerator. Using red frosting, pipe numbers 1 through 8 on top of cakes, a different number on each. Pipe dots around numbers with other colors. Return cakes to refrigerator.
To assemble, remove cakes from refrigerator, and remove parchment paper. Arrange cakes on a serving tray, forming a hopscotch or other desired pattern. Serve.


1 c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
1 pinch salt
½ c. unsweetened flaked coconut
11 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
½ c. unsweetened coconut milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
⅓ c. coarsely chopped, raw, unsalted macadamia nuts
4 large egg whites
3 tbsp. light rum
¾ c. confectioners' sugar
Make the cakes:
Beat butter and sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture in three additions, alternating with the coconut milk and vanilla. Fold in macadamia nuts.
Beat egg whites and a pinch of salt with the mixer's whisk attachment until stiff peaks form. Fold into batter. Divide among prepared molds, filling each about three-quarters full. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Let cool slightly in molds on wire racks. Turn out cakes onto rack.
Make the glaze:


⅓ c. boiling water
1 tbsp. powdered green tea (from
½ c. sugar
5 large egg yolks
1¼ c. cold heavy cream
1 tbsp. creme de menthe
Wrap six 2-ounce ramekins with parchment, extending 1 inch above rim. Secure with tape; set aside. Stir boiling water and tea in a bowl. Refrigerate 30 minutes.
Put sugar, egg yolks, and tea mixture into the bowl of an electric mixer set over a pan of simmering water. Whisk until lightened and fluffy, about 8 minutes. Attach bowl to mixer fitted with the whisk attachment; beat on medium speed until cool, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.
Put cream and creme de menthe into the clean bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, and beat on medium-high until stiff peaks form. Fold into yolk-tea mixture. Divide among prepared ramekins. Freeze at least 4 hours (up to overnight). Remove parchment. Let stand at room temperature 10 minutes before serving. Serve dusted with tea.


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
¾ tsp. cinnamon
12 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 large egg yolks
1 c. jam
1 tbsp. heavy cream
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, combine flour, sugar, salt, and cinnamon; process for 10 seconds. Add butter and process until mixture resembles coarse meal, 15 to 20 seconds.
Combine 1 egg yolk with 2 tablespoons ice water and add to flour mixture. Process until the dough comes together, about 7 seconds. Transfer to a clean work surface and compress into a flattened circle.
Lightly dust the work surface with flour; roll out dough to just thinner than 1/4 inch. Using a round or square cookie cutter, cut out shapes and press into 2- to 3-inch tartlet tins or a small muffin-top pan. Shape crust as desired, fill each with 1 1/2 to 2 teaspoons jam, and decorate tops with cutouts of dough. At this point, the tarts can be refrigerated for several hours.
Combine remaining egg yolk with cream; lightly brush exposed dough with egg wash. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer tarts from tins to a wire rack to cool.


unsalted butter
turbinado sugar
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 c. heavy cream
2 c. milk
5 large egg yolks
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. cornstarch
10 large egg whites
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Using a pastry brush, brush six 4- by 2 1/2-inch (10-ounce) ramekins with butter, brushing the sides with an upward stroke. Coat each with turbinado sugar, shaking out excess; set aside.
In a large heavy-bottomed saucepan, heat 1 cup granulated sugar over high heat, without stirring, until edges begin to turn golden. Stir sugar, working from the edges toward the center, until sugar is melted and caramel in color, 3 to 5 minutes.
Remove sugar from heat and slowly whisk in cream, taking care as mixture may splatter and bubble. Add milk and whisk to combine. Return to heat, and bring caramel mixture to a boil.
Meanwhile, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk together egg yolks and 2 tablespoons granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add flour and cornstarch and whisk until mixture becomes thick and stiff, like buttercream. Slowly whisk in half of the caramel mixture until well combined. Transfer to saucepan with remaining caramel mixture and return to heat. Cook, whisking, until mixture is thickened and separates from the pan, about 5 minutes. Transfer caramel mixture to a large bowl and let cool to room temperature.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites on medium speed until foamy. Increase speed and add remaining 6 tablespoons granulated sugar in three additions, beating well after each addition, until whites form very stiff peaks. Whisk half of the whites into caramel mixture; gently fold remaining whites into caramel mixure.
Divide mixture evenly between prepared ramekins. If desired, place each filled ramekin, one at a time, in a microwave set at 50 percent power. Cook for 10 seconds, turn, and cook for 10 seconds more. This creates a sugar crust around the souffle and will help it to rise.
Place ramekins on a large baking sheet and transfer to oven. Bake until souffles have risen and tops are golden and slightly firm to the touch, about 18 minutes if using a microwave (about 20 if not). Serve immediately.


1 c. sugar
2 large eggs
½ c. vegetable oil
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. buttermilk
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1½ c. grated carrots
½ c. raisins

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 42 mini muffin cups with mini cupcake liners; set aside.
Beat sugar, eggs, oil, vanilla, and buttermilk together in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until well combined.
In a large bowl, sift together flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Slowly add three-quarters of the flour mixture to the sugar mixture; mix until well combined. Add carrots and raisins to remaining flour mixture; toss to combine. Stir into batter until well combined.
Fill each muffin cup with about 2 teaspoons batter. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of cupcakes comes out clean, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer cupcakes to wire rack to cool. Let cool completely before frosting with cream cheese frosting.


10 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. all-purpose flour
.67 c. untoasted wheat germ
1 tsp. baking powder
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
¾ tsp. salt
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. clover honey
3 large eggs
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
6 oz. semisweet chocolate
5 oz. heavy cream
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
8 large marshmallows
8  mini marshmallows
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch square cake pan; line with parchment paper, allowing a 2-inch overhang.
Spread batter into prepared pan; smooth top. Bake until golden brown and a cake tester inserted in center comes out with only a few moist crumbs attached, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in pan 15 minutes. Lift out; let cool completely on wire rack. Can be stored, wrapped in plastic, up to 1 day.
Cut out 8 rounds with 2 1/4-inch cutter and 8 rounds with 7/8-inch cutter. Transfer to baking sheet lined with parchment.
Make the glaze:
Spoon a dollop of glaze over each cake and large marshmallow, spreading so it runs down sides.


4 pt. fresh strawberries
4 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
3 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
5½ tbsp. unflavored gelatin
3 c. heavy cream
Puree strawberries, lemon juice, and 3 cups sugar in a food processor. Press through a fine sieve into a bowl, discarding pulp. You should have 6 cups puree.
Prepare an ice bath; set aside. In a medium heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, dissolve gelatin in 3 tablespoons cold water. Add 1/2 cup of the strawberry puree; return mixture to bowl with remaining strawberry puree.
Set bowl in ice bath until mixture is chilled and slightly thickened, about 20 minutes, stirring frequently. In a separate bowl, whip 2 cups cream to stiff peaks, and fold into strawberry mixture.
Cut parchment paper into 16 strips, each 2 3/4 by 10 inches. Tape each strip around a 3-ounce ramekin so it extends above the rim by about 2 inches. Place ramekins on a rimmed baking sheet; fill each with about 1/2 cup strawberry mixture. Freeze until set, about 3 hours.
Remove from freezer 20 minutes before serving; remove parchment collars. Whip remaining cup cream with 2 tablespoons sugar. Serve souffles with whipped cream.


1 qt. mild raw honey
¾ c. dried organic rose petals
½ c. dried lavender flowers
In a large glass jar, mix the honey with the rose petals and lavender flowers. Close the jar and let stand in a sunny window for 2 weeks, turning every few days. Warm the jar in a microwave or under hot water until the honey is runny. Strain the honey through a fine sieve into a clean jar. Discard the flowers. Store the honey in a cool, dark place for several months.


2 c. vanilla wafer cookies
½ c. smoked almonds
¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
8 oz. cream cheese
¼ c. sour cream
1  egg
2 medium firm, ripe peaches
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, combine the vanilla wafers with the almonds and 2 tablespoons of the sugar and process until fine. Add the melted butter and pulse until the crumbs are evenly moistened. Press the crumbs into the bottom and 1/2 inch up the side of a 9-inch springform pan. Bake for 10 minutes, until the crust is set.
Meanwhile, wipe out the food processor bowl. Add the cream cheese, sour cream, egg, and 2 tablespoons of the sugar and process until smooth. Pour the custard into the crust and bake for 15 minutes, until set. Let the tart cool slightly and transfer to the freezer to chill, about 15 minutes.
In a bowl, toss the peaches with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar. Arrange the peaches in 2 concentric circles over the custard. Remove the ring, cut the tart into wedges, and serve.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. minced candied ginger
¼ tsp. salt
1½ stick cold unsalted butter
¼ c. ice water
1 tbsp. ice water
¼ c. sugar
2 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
¼ cube all-purpose flour
4 c. blueberries
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1  egg white
In a food processor, combine the 1 1/2 cups of flour with the candied ginger and salt and pulse to mix. Add the butter and pulse until it is the size of small peas. Sprinkle on the ice water and pulse just until the pastry starts to come together. Turn the pastry out onto a lightly floured work surface and pat it into a disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 2 hours, or until firm.
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the pastry to a 14-inch round about 1/8 inch thick. Fold the pastry in half and transfer it to the prepared baking sheet. Unfold the pastry and refrigerate for 15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, mix the 1/4 cup of sugar with the lemon zest and flour. Fold in the blueberries and lemon juice and let stand for 15 minutes.
Spoon the blueberries in the center of the pastry, leaving a 1 1/2-inch border all around. Fold the pastry border up and over the blueberries, pleating it as necessary. Brush the egg white on the pastry and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for about 55 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown and the filling starts to bubble. Transfer the baking sheet to a rack and let the tart cool to warm. Cut into wedges and serve warm or at room temperature.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 medium firm, ripe peaches
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. milk
4 large eggs
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
1 pinch salt
⅓ c. confectioners' sugar
1 pt. blackberries
In a 12-inch nonstick skillet, melt 1/2 tablespoon of the butter. Add the peaches, 1 tablespoon of the granulated sugar, and the lemon juice, and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, until the peaches are tender and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer the peaches to a plate and clean the skillet.
In a large bowl, whisk the flour, milk, egg yolks, zest, and 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar until smooth. In another bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites with the salt until soft peaks form. Beat in the remaining 1 tablespoon of granulated sugar until the whites are glossy. Fold the whites into the batter until no streaks remain.
In the skillet, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter. Add the batter, cover and cook over moderately low heat until it is golden on the bottom and the top is beginning to set, 4 to 5 minutes. Slide the pancake onto a large plate. Carefully invert the skillet over the pancake. Using oven mitts, flip the skillet and the plate to return the pancake to the pan. Cook until the underside of the pancake is set and lightly browned, about 2 minutes.
Using a wooden or heatproof plastic spatula, cut the pancake in the skillet into 2-inch squares. Dot with the remaining 2 1/2 tablespoons of butter, sprinkle with the 1/3 cup of confectioners' sugar, and top with the peaches. Cook, tossing, until the pancake is caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add the blackberries and toss until they are heated through, about 1 minute. Transfer the kaiserschmarrn to a platter, sprinkle with confectioners' sugar, and serve.


½ c. pecans
½ lb. sliced bacon
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
2 oz. unsweetened chocolate
1 stick unsalted butter
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light brown sugar
3 tbsp. bourbon
4 large eggs
1 tsp. salt
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1½ c. all-purpose flour
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9-inch square baking pan with parchment paper, allowing 2 inches of overhang on 2 opposite sides. Spray the paper with vegetable spray. Spread the pecans in a pie plate and toast for about 8 minutes, until fragrant. Let cool, then coarsely chop the nuts.
In a skillet, cook the bacon over moderate heat, turning once, until crisp, 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels and let cool; reserve 3 tablespoons of the fat. Finely chop the bacon.
In a saucepan, combine both chocolates with the butter and stir over very low heat, until melted; scrape into a large bowl. Using a handheld electric mixer, beat in both sugars with the reserved 3 tablespoons of bacon fat. Beat in the bourbon. Add the eggs and salt and beat until smooth. Sift the cocoa and flour into the bowl and beat until blended.
Scrape the batter into the prepared pan and sprinkle the bacon and pecans on top. Bake for about 50 minutes, until the brownies are set around the edges but slightly wobbly in the center; a toothpick inserted into the center should have some batter clinging to it. Transfer the pan to a rack and let the brownies cool completely. Lift the brownies out of the pan using the parchment paper. Cut into squares or rectangles and serve.


1  packaged pie dough crust
1½ c. sugar
3 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 large eggs
¾ c. evaporated milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
whipped cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Ease the pie crust into a 9-inch pie plate and crimp the edges decoratively. Prick the crust lightly with a fork. Line the crust with foil or parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake for 15 minutes or until set. Remove the foil and weights and bake for about 5 minutes longer, just until the crust is dry but not browned.
Meanwhile, in a bowl, whisk the sugar with the cocoa powder, butter, eggs, evaporated milk, vanilla, and salt until smooth.
Pour the filling into the pie shell and bake for about 45 minutes, until the filling is set around the edges but a little jiggly in the center. Cover the crust with strips of foil halfway through baking. Transfer the pie to a rack and let cool completely before cutting into wedges. Serve with whipped cream.


2½ c. cake flour
.13 tsp. cinnamon
.13 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. buttermilk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. baking soda
2 stick unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
4 large eggs
6 oz. semisweet chocolate
1¼ c. pecans
1 stick unsalted butter
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
1½ tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. hot coffee
½ c. packed sweetened shredded coconut
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter two 9-inch round cake pans. Line the bottoms with parchment paper, then butter and flour the paper.
In a small bowl, whisk the cake flour with the cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. In a measuring cup, stir the buttermilk with the vanilla extract and baking soda until combined. In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the softened butter with the sugar until fluffy. Add the egg yolks and beat until they are incorporated, then beat in the melted chocolate, scraping down the side and bottom of the bowl as necessary. Beat in the dry and wet ingredients in 3 alternating batches, scraping down the side of the bowl occasionally.
Transfer the cake batter to a large bowl and wash out the mixing bowl. Add the egg whites to the mixing bowl and beat with the whisk until soft peaks form. Fold the beaten egg whites into the chocolate batter until no streaks remain.
Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans and bake the cakes for 45 to 50 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out with just a few moist crumbs attached. Let the cakes cool slightly on a wire rack, then invert the cakes and peel off the parchment paper. Let the cakes cool completely.
Spread the pecans on a pie plate and toast for about 12 minutes, until they are fragrant. Let cool, then coarsely chop 1 cup of the nuts, leaving the rest whole. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the whisk (or using a handheld electric mixer), beat the softened butter with the confectioners' sugar and cocoa powder until combined. Add the vanilla extract and hot coffee and beat the frosting until fluffy. Fold in the 1/2 cup of shredded coconut and the chopped toasted pecans.
Place a cake layer on a plate and spread half of the frosting on top. Cover with the second cake layer and spread the remaining frosting on the top. Garnish the cake with shredded coconut and the whole toasted pecans. Cut the cake into wedges and serve.


4 c. rice cereal (such as Rice Krispies)
6 oz. semisweet chocolate
¾ c. creamy peanut butter (not natural)
3 pt. chocolate chip or other ice cream
Place the cereal in a large bowl.
In a small saucepan, combine the chocolate and peanut butter. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth, about 2 minutes.
Add the chocolate--peanut butter mixture to the cereal and mix to coat. Spread the cereal mixture onto the bottom and 1 1/2 in. up the sides of a 9-in. springform pan. Freeze until set, about 10 minutes.
Let the ice cream soften at room temperature just until spreadable, about 10 minutes. Spread ice cream evenly into the chilled crust and freeze until firm, at least 4 hours and up to 2 days.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. yellow cornmeal
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 tsp. granulated sugar
½ tsp. salt
10 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
3 tbsp. ice water
½ c. whole almonds
½ c. confectioners' sugar
1 large egg yolk
1 tsp. almond extract
8  peaches
2 tbsp. honey
½ tsp. cinnamon
In a food processor, combine flour, cornmeal, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, and salt. Add butter; pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and pulse until a dough forms. Shape dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate until chilled, about 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a clean food processor, grind almonds and confectioners' sugar to a fine meal. Add egg yolk and almond extract and blend; set aside. In a large bowl, combine peaches, honey, and cinnamon; set aside.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. On a lightly floured work surface, roll dough out to a 14-inch circle. Fit into a 10-inch pie plate. Spread almond paste over dough, including up the sides. Add peaches. Fold edges of dough over peaches to form a rustic flat pie with about a 2-inch-wide border, as shown above. Brush dough with water and sprinkle with remaining granulated sugar. Bake until filling is bubbling and crust is flaky and golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes.


3 c. heavy cream
1 c. milk
½ c. honey
2  vanilla beans
4 large egg yolks
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, heat first 4 ingredients until hot (don't let boil), about 5 minutes.
In a medium bowl, whisk egg yolks. Drizzle 1 cup hot cream mixture into yolks, whisking continuously. Pour back into saucepan over medium heat and whisk until custard thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Pour through a fine-mesh strainer. Scrape vanilla seeds into custard. Add vanilla extract. Cover and chill, about 1 hour.
Following directions on your ice-cream maker, churn custard. Transfer into airtight containers; freeze for at least 2 more hours.


1 pt. blackberries
½ pt. raspberries
½ pt. strawberries
¼ c. honey
¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. rolled oats
½ c. light-brown sugar
1 stick unsalted butter
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, mix berries. Drizzle with honey. Sprinkle with 4 tablespoons flour and toss. Transfer fruit to an 8- by 8-inch baking dish.
In a large bowl, mix remaining flour, oats, brown sugar, and butter with a pastry blender or your fingers until mixture forms large, crumbly lumps. Sprinkle over berries. Bake until golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve with


Flour and oil baking spray
1 c. yellow cornmeal
½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. sugar
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
1½ c. low-fat buttermilk
2 pt. blueberries
1 pt. raspberries
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 tbsp. rum or fruit brandy
confectioners’ sugar
½ c. heavy cream
Light a grill for indirect medium heat, about 325 degrees F. Spray the interior of a heavy 9-inch round layer-cake pan with baking spray and set aside.
Mix together the cornmeal, flour, 1/2 cup of the sugar, the baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the eggs and buttermilk and mix together until the dry ingredients are all moistened. Fold in 1 pint of the blueberries and 1 cup of the raspberries just until distributed evenly; do not overmix. Pour and scrape into the prepared cake pan.
Put the pan on the grill away from direct contact with the fire. Cover the grill and bake until the top is browned and a tester inserted in the center of the cake comes out with just a few moist crumbs clinging to it, about 50 minutes. Cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes.
If using a gas grill, turn the remaining burner(s) to medium. If using charcoal, spread out the charcoal bed for direct grilling. Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium to medium-high heat (you can do this on a side burner or directly on the grill). Add the remaining 1 pint blueberries, 1 cup raspberries, and 1/4 cup sugar to the skillet and stir gently until the sugar is dissolved and the berries are plump and glossy. Remove from the heat and stir in the rum.
Brush the grill grate and coat with oil. Loosen the clafouti from the sides of the pan. Brush the top of the clafouti with some of liquid from the sautéed berries. With the clafouti still in the pan, invert it onto the grill. (If the cake pan is still too hot to handle, use pot holders or grill gloves.) Grill just long enough to char the surface lightly, about 2 minutes. Use a large spatula (or two medium spatulas) to remove the clafouti (grilled side down) to a flat plate or baking sheet. Cover with a serving platter and invert.
Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar, if desired, and serve with the sautéed berries and a drizzle of warm cream, if you like.


8 tbsp. cream cheese
8 tbsp. butter
¼ c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. strawberry or apricot jam
¾ c. strawberries or chopped apricots
1  egg
1½ tbsp. Raw turbinado sugar
In a food processor, pulse together cream cheese, butter, cream, granulated sugar, and salt until smooth. Add flour and pulse until a sticky dough forms. Cover dough snugly in plastic wrap; chill until firm, 2 to 3 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Working on a floured surface, roll out dough into a 10- by- 20-inch rectangle. Using a bowl or glass, cut out 8 (4 1/2 inches each) circles.
Drop about 2 teaspoons jam onto 1 side of each circle and top with 1 tablespoon strawberries or apricots. Brush the outer edge of each circle with egg, and then fold over to make half-moons. Press the edges together firmly, and then seal with the tines of a fork. Place on a parchment-paper-lined sheet tray and cut 3 (1/2 inch each) slits in each top. Brush with egg, sprinkle with raw sugar, and bake until golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes.


1 piece refrigerated piecrust dough
1⅓ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. all-purpose flour
8 tbsp. butter
.67 c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
⅓ c. packed brown sugar
⅓ c. sliced almonds
½ tsp. kosher salt
3  ripe but firm pears
3  plums
Place a baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven and preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a 9 1/2-inch pie pan with crust; set aside.
In a medium bowl, toss together 1 1/3 cups flour, butter, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, brown sugar, almonds, and 1/4 teaspoon salt until mixture forms clumpy streusel bits; set aside. In a large bowl, toss together pears, plums, and remaining 2/3 cup granulated sugar, remaining 1/4 cup flour, and 1/4 teaspoon salt until well coated. Fill pie crust with fruit and scatter streusel evenly over the top.
Place pie on top rack of oven and bake 15 minutes, then reduce temperature to 375 degrees F. Continue baking until juices are bubbly and thickened, 45 to 60 minutes more. Set aside to let cool. Serve warm or at room temperature.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
10 tbsp. cold butter
2 tbsp. cold butter
¼ c. sugar
3 tbsp. sugar
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1½ tbsp. heavy cream
1  egg yolk
1 pt. blueberries
3  nectarines
3 tbsp. cornstarch
Pulse flour, butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, and salt in a food processor until mixture resembles coarse meal. In a small bowl, whisk together heavy cream and egg yolk, and then add to flour mixture and pulse just until clumps of dough form. Firmly press dough into a 6-inch disk, cover with plastic wrap, and chill until firm, about 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Working on a large sheet of floured parchment paper, roll out dough into a 12-inch circle; transfer dough and parchment to a large baking sheet.
In a large bowl, toss together blueberries, nectarines, remaining 1/4 cup sugar, and cornstarch until well coated. Pile fruit mixture onto dough, leaving a 2-inch border around the edges.
Fold outside dough about 1/2 inch over fruit to form an outside edge, being sure to seal any holes, and bake 20 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F; continue baking until fruit is bubbly and crust is golden brown, 25 to 40 minutes more. Serve warm or at room temperature.


1 package refrigerated piecrust dough
1 lb. strawberries
½ lb. rhubarb
1 c. raspberries
.67 c. sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
Arrange a large baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a 9 1/2-inch or 10-inch pie pan with one of the crusts; set aside. In a large bowl, gently toss together strawberries, rhubarb, raspberries, sugar, and cornstarch until well coated, then transfer to prepared pie pan.
Working on a sheet of parchment paper, cut remaining crust into 10 strips, each about 1-inch wide.
Lay half the strips across the pie at even intervals, then weave the remaining strips in and out to make a lattice crust. Press edges together to seal, and then trim off or fold under any remaining dough.
Bake 45 minutes, and then reduce heat to 375 degrees F. Continue to bake until fruit is bubbly and crust is golden brown, about 30 minutes more. Set aside to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature.


1  vanilla bean pod
3 large peaches
¼ c. sugar
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 piece puff pastry
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Run a paring knife down the cut sides of the vanilla bean to remove the vanilla seeds, and transfer to a large bowl. (Discard vanilla bean pod, or save for another use.) Add peaches, sugar, cornstarch, and vanilla extract and toss until well combined; set aside.
Working on a sheet of parchment paper, cut 1 piece of puff pastry in half, and then roll each half into a 10-inch square. Using a bowl, glass, or cookie cutter, cut 4 circles (4 1/2 inches each) out of each half. Use the circles to line the cups of 8 muffin tins, positioning them to form little pie shells or baskets. Save any remaining dough scraps to re-roll and use for step 4, as needed.
Spoon peach mixture evenly into the muffin cups lined with the puff pastry shells; set aside.
Arrange remaining pastry on a sheet of parchment paper and cut out 8 circles, approximately 3 inches in diameter. Place 1 on top of each muffin cup, folding the edges of the bottom pastry over the top and pinching tightly to seal each pie.
Bake until pies are puffed and deep golden brown, 25 to 35 minutes. Carefully run a paring knife around the edges of each pie and immediately transfer to a platter. Serve warm or at room temperature.


1½ c. double-strength coffee
½ c. low-fat milk
2 tbsp. sugar
1½ c. ice
Whipped cream (optional)
Chocolate Sauce (optional)
In a blender, puree coffee, milk, sugar, and ice. For a thicker consistency, add more ice and blend.
Pour into 2 glasses, and top with whipped cream and chocolate sauce if desired. Serve immediately.


12  sugar ice cream cones
5 tbsp. butter
1 pt. chocolate chip ice cream
1 lb. cherries
3 tbsp. sugar
2 tsp. cornstarch
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, pulse ice cream cone pieces until finely ground. In a large bowl, combine crumbs with butter, and then press mixture firmly into the bottom and sides of a 9 1/2-inch pie pan. Bake 10 minutes; set aside to let cool.
Remove ice cream from freezer and set aside to let soften until spreadable, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer ice cream to pie pan, spreading it out in an even layer. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until solid, about 2 hours. (This can be done a day or two in advance.)
In a medium pot, bring cherries, sugar, and cornstarch to a simmer over medium heat. If using fresh cherries, add 1 to 2 tablespoons water to prevent sticking. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, stirring often, until thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Chill in the refrigerator until cold.
When ready to serve, spoon cherry mixture on top of pie (if you're not finishing the whole pie at once, spoon cherries on individual pieces). Cut into wedges and serve.


nonstick cooking spray
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
¾ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
¾ c. vegetable oil
½ c. low-fat buttermilk
1 tbsp. red food coloring
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. distilled white vinegar
1  egg
4 tbsp. butter
4 tbsp. cream cheese
1 c. powdered sugar
24  raspberries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 24 mini muffin slots with cupcake liners, or spray with cooking spray; set aside. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large bowl, whisk together oil, buttermilk, food coloring, 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla, vinegar, and egg. Add flour mixture to egg mixture and stir until well combined.
Spoon batter evenly into muffin cups; bake until cooked through and a toothpick inserted in the middle of a cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Set aside and cool completely.
In a large bowl, beat together butter and cream cheese with an electric mixer until smooth and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add powdered sugar and remaining 1/2 teaspoon vanilla; beat until smooth and creamy, about 1 minute more. Frost cupcakes, then top each one with a raspberry.


1 lb. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. Coarse salt
4 stick softened unsalted butter
2 c. packed dark-brown sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
9 large room-temperature eggs
2 c. toasted, chopped walnuts
1 c. pure maple syrup
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
1 stick unsalted butter
1 tsp. course salt
¼ c. heavy cream
1  peach
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter two 5- by 9-inch loaf pans. Combine flour and 1 tablespoon salt in a bowl.
Cream butter and dark-brown sugar with a mixer on high speed until pale and fluffy, for 8 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl. Reduce speed to medium, and add vanilla extract.
Lightly beat eggs, and add to mixer bowl in 4 additions, mixing thoroughly after each and scraping down sides. Reduce speed to low, and add flour mixture in 4 additions, mixing until just incorporated. Fold walnuts into finished batter. Divide batter between pans. Tap on counter to distribute; smooth tops.
Bake until a tester inserted into center of each cake comes out clean, about 65 minutes. Let cool in pans on a wire rack for 30 minutes. Remove from pans, and let cool completely on wire rack.
Make the peach-maple sauce:


1 lb. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. Coarse salt
3 stick softened unsalted butter
½ c. sour cream
2 c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
9 large room-temperature eggs
2 c. blueberries
2 tbsp. Sanding sugar
1 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 tsp. lemon zest
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter two 5- by 9-inch loaf pans. Combine flour and salt in a bowl.
Cream butter, sour cream, and sugar with a mixer on high speed until pale and fluffy, for 8 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl. Reduce speed to medium, and add vanilla extract.
Lightly beat eggs, and add to mixer bowl in 4 additions, mixing thoroughly after each and scraping down sides. Reduce speed to low, and add flour mixture in 4 additions, mixing until just incorporated. Toss blueberries in remaining 2 tablespoons flour; fold into finished batter. Divide batter between pans. Tap on counter to distribute; smooth tops.
Before baking, sprinkle sanding sugar over each cake. Bake until a tester inserted into center of each cake comes out clean, about 65 minutes. Let cool in pans on a wire rack for 30 minutes. Remove from pans, and let cool completely on wire rack.
Make the lemon cream:


1 lb. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. Coarse salt
4 stick softened unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
9 large room-temperature eggs
2 c. raisins
2 tbsp. ground cinnamon
2 c. confectioners' sugar
4 tbsp. milk
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter two 5- by 9-inch loaf pans. Combine 3 1/4 cups all-purpose flour and salt in a bowl.
Cream butter and sugar with a mixer on high speed until pale and fluffy, for 8 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl. Reduce speed to medium, and add vanilla extract.
Lightly beat eggs, and add to mixer bowl in 4 additions, mixing thoroughly after each and scraping down sides. Reduce speed to low, and add flour mixture in 4 additions, mixing until just incorporated. Toss raisins in remaining 2 tablespoons flour; fold into finished batter. Divide batter in half. Fold cinnamon into 1 half. Scoop batters into 2 prepared pans, 1/2 cup at a time, alternating plain and cinnamon. Swirl with a knife. Tap on counter to distribute; smooth tops.
Bake until a tester inserted into center of each cake comes out clean, about 65 minutes. Let cool in pans on a wire rack for 30 minutes. Remove from pans, and let cool completely on wire rack.
Make the glaze:


2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. best-quality unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tbsp. Coarse salt
4 stick softened unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
9 large room-temperature eggs
¼ c. peanut butter
5 tbsp. milk
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter two 5- by 9-inch loaf pans. Combine all-purpose flour, unsweetened cocoa powder, and salt in a bowl.
Cream butter and sugar with a mixer on high speed until pale and fluffy, for 8 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl. Reduce speed to medium, and add vanilla extract.
Lightly beat eggs, and add to mixer bowl in 4 additions, mixing thoroughly after each and scraping down sides. Reduce speed to low, and add flour mixture in 4 additions, mixing until just incorporated. Divide batter between pans. Tap on counter to distribute; smooth tops.
Bake until a tester inserted into center of each cake comes out clean, about 65 minutes. Let cool in pans on a wire rack for 30 minutes. Remove from pans, and let cool completely on wire rack.
Make peanut butter glaze:


1 lb. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. Coarse salt
4 stick softened unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
9 large room-temperature eggs
2 c. semisweet or bittersweet chocolate chips
6 oz. chopped semisweet chocolate
5 tbsp. coffee liqueur (preferably Kahlua)
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
vanilla ice cream
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter two 5- by 9-inch loaf pans. Combine flour and salt in a bowl.
Cream butter and sugar with a mixer on high speed until pale and fluffy, for 8 minutes. Scrape down sides of bowl. Reduce speed to medium, and add vanilla extract.
Lightly beat eggs, and add to mixer bowl in 4 additions, mixing thoroughly after each and scraping down sides. Reduce speed to low, and add flour mixture in 4 additions, mixing until just incorporated. Fold chocolate chips into finished batter. Divide batter between pans. Tap on counter to distribute; smooth tops.
Bake until a tester inserted into center of each cake comes out clean, about 65 minutes. Let cool in pans on a wire rack for 30 minutes. Remove from pans, and let cool completely on wire rack.
Make the chocolate-coffee liqueur sauce:


4 large eggs
¾ c. milk
¾ c. heavy cream
7 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. dark rum
8 slice white bread
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 pt. fresh strawberries
Whisk together eggs, milk, heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, and rum. Set aside.
Spread top of each slice of bread with generous amount of butter. Cut slices in half diagonally. In a 9-inch-round baking dish or cake pan, fan overlapping slices in one layer. It is also fine for bread to overlap randomly. Pour egg mixture over bread, and let stand 1 hour.
Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle pudding with 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until puffed and golden brown, and pudding has set, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, combine strawberries with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Let stand while pudding bakes. Serve strawberries with baked pudding.


1 package cream cheese
1 large egg
1⅓ c. granulated sugar
¾ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. mini–chocolate chips
1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. unsweetened cocoa
1 tsp. baking soda
½ c. canola oil
1 tsp. white vinegar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Heat oven to 350°F. Line mini-muffin tins with paper liners. Using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese, egg, 1/3 cup of the sugar and 1/4 tsp of the salt in a large bowl until creamy; stir in the chocolate chips.
In a second large bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, remaining cup of sugar and 1/2 tsp salt. Add the oil, vinegar, vanilla and 1 cup water, and mix until fully incorporated.
Spoon enough of the chocolate batter into each cup so that they are filled halfway (about 2 level tsp each). Top each with a rounded tsp of the cream cheese mixture, gently spreading it over the chocolate.
Bake until the cupcakes are puffed and barely golden, 15 to 20 minutes.


2½ c. old-fashioned rolled oats
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. granulated sugar
1 c. light brown sugar
2 large eggs
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
Place oats in the bowl of a food processor fitted with metal blade, and process until finely ground. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and add flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
Put butter in the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with a paddle. Beat on low speed until soft, then increase speed to medium and beat until light and creamy, about 3 minutes. Gradually add granulated sugar and then brown sugar, beating until very light and creamy.
Add eggs, 1 at at time, and beat to incorporate, scraping down sides of bowl with a rubber spatula after each addition. Beat in vanilla and when blended, slowly beat in the reserved dry mixture. Stop while dough is still streaky, and scrape it out onto a floured surface. Divide dough into 2 sections and gently knead each with your hands until just blended. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes, or up to 3 days (or freeze for up to a month). Take out 10 minutes before ready to bake.
To assemble and bake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cover 2 baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats. For each cookie, take about a 1 1/2-inch ball of dough and knead in flavorings as desired. For nuts, fruits, and candy, add what you like as long as there's enough dough to bind together the ingredients. For intensely flavored add-ins, like extracts, zests, salts, and spices, use a very small amount, less than 1/8 teaspoon. (See combination suggestions below.)
Place cookies evenly on prepared sheets, giving each enough room to spread. Bake until center sets and cookies are lightly golden, 12 to 15 minutes.


1 tbsp. active dry yeast
½ tsp. kosher salt
3½  3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1/4 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 c. skim milk
4 tbsp.  unsalted butter
1 large egg
¼ c. packed brown sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
Sewing thread or unflavored dental floss
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
4 tsp. orange juice
In a large bowl, whisk together the yeast, salt, 1 1⁄2 cups of the flour and 1/4 cup of the granulated sugar.
In a small heavy-bottomed saucepan, heat the milk and 2 Tbsp of the butter over low heat, until the butter has melted and mixture is very warm but not boiling.
Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture; add the egg. With an electric mixer on low, beat until the flour mixture is moistened. Increase the speed to medium, and beat for 3 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and gradually add 1 3/4 cups of the remaining flour, mixing to form a sticky dough.
Sprinkle 1/4 cup of the remaining flour onto the work surface. Turn out the dough and knead it, adding more flour as necessary to create a smooth, pliable dough that is no longer sticky, about 5 minutes.
Return dough to same mixing bowl (you don't have to clean it); cover with plastic wrap and a dishtowel. Set the bowl in a warm place and let the dough rise until it doubles in size, about 45 minutes. Punch down the dough and return it to the bowl. Cover and let rest 10 minutes more.
In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, cinnamon and remaining 2 Tbsp granulated sugar.
On a lightly floured surface, roll dough into a 12 x 8-in. rectangle. Spread with the remaining 2 Tbsp butter and sprinkle with the cinnamon-sugar mixture. Starting from the long side, roll the dough into a log, pinching the seam to seal. Slide a length of thread or floss under the log of dough about 1 in. from the end; bring the ends of the thread up. Holding the thread taut, cross the strands to cinch off the piece of dough. Repeat 10 times to cut 12 1-in.-thick rolls. Place the rolls cut-side up on a parchment-lined baking sheet, spacing them 3/4 in. apart. Cover with a towel and let rise until they double in size, 40 minutes.
Heat oven to 375°F. Transfer the baking sheet to the oven and bake until the rolls are lightly browned, 18 to 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix together the confectioners' sugar and orange juice until smooth. Spread the icing onto the warm rolls.


1 c. all-purpose flour
½ c. ground almonds (or, if you'd prefer, omit and use another 1/2 cup all-purpose flour)
2 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
1¼ c. sugar
Grated zest of 2 lemons
2½ c. plain Greek yogurt
3 large eggs
1¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. canola oil
1 package unflavored gelatin
1 can blueberry pie filling
Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a cupcake tin and place it on a baking sheet.
Whisk together the flour, ground almonds (if using), baking powder, and salt.
Put 1 cup sugar and zest of 1 lemon in a medium bowl and, with your fingertips, rub the zest into the sugar. Add 1/2 cup yogurt, eggs, and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla and whisk until the mixture is well blended. Whisk in the dry ingredients. Fold in the oil. Pour batter into cupcake tin, filling cups about 2/3 of the way.
Bake for 18 to 20 minutes, or until the cupcakes begin to come away from the sides of pan; they should be golden brown, and a thin knife inserted in the center should come out clean. Transfer the pan to a rack and cool for 5 minutes, then run a butter knife between the cupcakes and the sides of the pan. Turn out cupcakes and cool to room temperature.
To make the glaze


2 slice white or sandwich bread
½ c. whole milk
8 oz. ground beef (85 percent lean)
8 oz. ground pork
4 oz. ground veal
1 c. finely grated pecorino Romano or Parmesan cheese
3 tbsp. coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
1 clove garlic
1 large egg
Coarse salt
marinara sauce
24  brioche rolls
1½ c. coarsely grated mozzarella cheese
½ c. finely grated pecorino Romano or Parmesan cheese
Small basil leaves
Make the meatballs:
Roll mixture into 24 one-ounce balls (each about the size of a golf ball).
Heat sauce in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Drop meatballs into sauce, and bring to a gentle simmer. Cook, partially covered, until meatballs are cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes.
Make the sandwiches:


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
1½ stick cold unsalted butter
½ c. ice water
¼  pineapple
½  mango
1 small banana
8 medium strawberries
24  blueberries
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
sugar
Crème fraîche or vanilla ice cream
Make the pastry
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out 1 of the pastry disks 1/8 inch thick. Using a 5-inch plate as a guide, cut out 4 rounds and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the second pastry disk. Refrigerate the rounds until firm, about 10 minutes.
Make the filling
Brush the tarts with the melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 35 minutes, until the pastry is browned and the fruit is bubbling. Let the tarts cool on a rack. Serve warm or at room temperature with crème fraîche.


1 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ c. sugar
¾ c. almond flour (see Note)
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
¼ tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter
3 c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
¾ tsp. cinnamon
2 c. sugar
3 large eggs
1½ c. canola oil
⅓ c. crème fraîche or sour cream
1 tbsp. finely grated ginger
½  vanilla bean
2 c. shredded carrots
Make the crumble
Make the cake
Scrape the batter into the pans and top with the crumble. Bake in the center of the oven for 1 hour and 30 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean; cover the cakes loosely with foil during the last 30 minutes of baking. Transfer the pans to a rack and cool for 1 hour.
Lightly wrap the top of each cake in a sheet of foil to prevent the crumble from dislodging. Top with a rack and invert the cakes; remove the pans. Turn the cakes right side up and let cool completely before serving.


½ c. sugar
3 tbsp. sugar
¼ c. water
¼ c. light corn syrup
¾ c. smoked almonds
1 tsp. fine sea salt
2 tsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. baking soda
Line a large baking sheet with a silicone mat or buttered parchment paper. In a large saucepan, combine the sugar, water, and corn syrup, and cook over moderate heat, stirring, until the sugar is dissolved. Using a moistened pastry brush, brush down any crystals from the side of the pan. Cook the syrup until it registers 235 degrees F to 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Add the almonds and salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until a deep-amber caramel forms and the thermometer registers 300 degrees F, about 5 minutes longer.
Remove from the heat and immediately stir in the butter and then the baking soda; the caramel will bubble. Pour the hot candy onto the baking sheet and spread it in an even layer with the back of a spoon. Let cool slightly, then carefully pull the warm caramel into a thin layer. Let cool completely, then break into shards.


2  disks
2½ lb. mixed apples
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
½ tsp. salt
1 tbsp. lemon juice
Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.
Roll out one of the disks of dough on a lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness; transfer to a 9-inch pie pan. Set aside and keep chilled.
Roll the remaining dough to 1/8-inch thickness. Set aside on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and keep chilled.
Toss the chopped apples, flour, 3/4 cup sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and lemon juice together and mix until combined. Pour apple mixture into the prepared pie pan and top with the remaining dough.
Trim, leaving 1/2-inch overhang, fold under, and crimp edges. Sprinkle the top with the remaining tablespoon of sugar; chill for 10 minutes.
Bake until fruit is bubbling and crust is golden brown -- 50 to 55 minutes. Cool on wire rack.


8 tbsp. butter
4  bananas
6 tbsp. light brown sugar
.67 c. milk
1 c. heavy cream
2  eggs
1  egg yolk
⅓ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
.13 tsp. salt
½ tsp. fresh nutmeg
½ tsp. cinnamon
6 slice firm white bread
Heat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter (using 1 tablespoon) a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate and one side of a 12-inch square of aluminum foil; set aside.
Cook bananas with 4 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet over medium-high heat until golden brown. Sprinkle in 2 tablespoons brown sugar and cook until sugar melts and coats bananas. Set aside.
Beat the milk, cream, eggs, yolk, 1/3 cup granulated sugar, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, and remaining 4 tablespoons brown sugar together. Brush bread with the remaining butter, cut each slice in half, and layer in the pie dish. Tuck bananas between the slices. Pour in the milk mixture. Press to absorb the liquid. Cover with foil, bake for 30 minutes, remove foil, sprinkle with the remaining tablespoon granulated sugar, and bake uncovered until golden brown, about 25 more minutes. Cool on a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature.


¾ c. unsalted butter
1 c. light brown sugar
1 c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla
2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
1 tsp. baking soda
2 c. potato chips
1 c. chocolate chips
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the butter and sugars together, using an electric mixer set on medium-high speed, until light and fluffy. Reduce speed to medium and beat in the eggs and vanilla. Reduce speed to low and mix in the flour, salt, and baking soda. Gently stir in the potato chips and chocolate chips.
Drop the cookie dough by tablespoonfuls, about 2 inches apart, onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 14 to 16 minutes. Let cool on baking sheets for 2 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.


1 lb. strawberries
1 lb. strawberries
¼ c. sugar
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
Blend 1 pound strawberries, hulled; 1/4 cup sugar; and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract until smooth.
Stir in 1 pound strawberries, hulled and cut in half. Cover and refrigerate up to 3 days.


4 large eggs
3/4 c. granulated sugar
2 c. sweetened flaked coconut (1/2 of 14-oz package)
1  lime
3 package cream cheese
¾ c. sour cream
1 tbsp. potato starch
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1  pineapple
Heat oven to 375°F. Coat a 9-in. springform pan with cooking spray.
Separate the whites and yolks from 2 eggs, placing the whites in a medium bowl and the yolks in a small bowl. Add 1 Tbsp sugar to the whites and whisk until frothy; mix in the coconut. Spread the mixture on the bottom of the pan and bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes; cool for 15 minutes. Reduce oven to 325°F.
Meanwhile, zest and juice the lime (you should get about 2 tsp zest and 2 Tbsp juice) and set aside. Using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese, sour cream, potato starch, lime juice, vanilla and 3/4 cup of the remaining sugar in a large bowl until smooth. Beat in the reserved egg yolks and remaining 2 eggs one at a time. Spread the mixture on top of the crust and bake until edge is set and center still wobbles slightly, 35 to 40 minutes. Let the cheesecake cool completely in the pan, then refrigerate u
Meanwhile, in a bowl, toss the pineapple with the lime zest and remaining 2 Tbsp sugar (refrigerate if not serving within 1 hour). Serve the cheesecake with the pineapple mixture.


4 oz. semisweet chocolate
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. heavy cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
In a microwave-safe bowl, combine chocolate and butter. Microwave 1 to 1 1/2 minutes, then whisk until smooth.
In a saucepan, heat cream over medium heat and bring just to a boil. Whisk cream into melted chocolate until smooth. Stir in vanilla extract.


½ c. seedless raspberry jam
1 bag frozen unsweetened strawberries
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
In a medium saucepan, heat jam over medium heat until it liquefies, about 3 minutes.
Add strawberries and confectioners' sugar to jam and cook over low heat, 5 minutes, until berries are softened but still chunky.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. dark brown sugar
¼ c. heavy cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tbsp. rum or 1 teaspoon rum extract
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
4  firm-ripe bananas
In a skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Add brown sugar, stirring 3 minutes until sugar dissolves.
Add cream, reduce heat to low, and stir in vanilla extract, rum, and cinnamon.
Add bananas to skillet and cook until heated through, about 2 minutes.


2 lb. confectioners' sugar
⅔ c. water
½ c. meringue powder (
2 tbsp. meringue powder (
Gel-paste food coloring (optional)
Beat sugar, water, and meringue powder with a mixer on low speed until smooth. (If icing is too thick, slowly add more water, beating to desired consistency. If icing is too thin, continue beating for 2 to 3 minutes more.) Add food coloring if desired, a drop at a time, until desired color is reached; if making more than 1 color, divide icing and work in batches. Icing can be refrigerated for up to 1 week.


1 c. unsalted butter
2½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
1 tbsp. lemon zest
2 c. sugar
2 large eggs
3 large egg yolks
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 c. low-fat buttermilk
1  lemon

Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour two 8- by 2-inch cake pans, tapping out excess flour. In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and lemon zest.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat butter and 1 1/2 cups sugar until light and fluffy. With mixer on low, beat in eggs and yolks, one at a time. Beat in 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Alternately beat in flour mixture and buttermilk beginning and ending with flour mixture; mix just until combined.
Divide batter between pans; smooth tops. Bake until cakes pull away from sides of pans, 32 to 35 minutes. Let cool in pans 10 minutes. Run a knife around edges of pans and invert cakes onto a wire rack.
While cakes are baking, bring remaining 1/2 cup sugar and 1/2 cup water to a boil in a saucepan. Add lemon slices and simmer 25 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer lemon slices to a waxed-paper-lined plate. Stir remaining 1/4 cup fresh lemon juice into syrup.
Using a toothpick, poke holes in warm cakes on rack. Brush with lemon syrup. Let cool completely. Prepare frosting, substituting 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice for vanilla extract. Frost cooled cakes and top with candied lemon slices.


2 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
8 large egg yolks
10 large egg whites
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tbsp. finely grated lemon zest
1 c. whole milk
confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter six 12-ounce souffle dishes, and then dust with granulated sugar. Whisk together yolks, flour, zest, and 2 tablespoons granulated sugar.
Bring milk to a boil in a small saucepan. Slowly pour milk into yolk mixture, whisking constantly to prevent yolks from cooking. Return mixture to pan, and whisk until thick like a pudding, 1 to 2 minutes. Strain through a sieve, and whisk in butter and lemon juice.
Beat whites until foamy. Gradually add remaining 1/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, and beat until stiff peaks form. Stir a third of the whites into the yolk mixture. Gently fold in the remaining whites using a rubber spatula.
Fill each souffle dish to the top, and smooth. Run your thumb around edges to remove batter from rims.
Bake on a rimmed baking sheet until souffles rise and are golden, about 16 minutes. Dust with confectioners' sugar, and serve immediately, before souffles lose their height.


½ c. unsalted butter
1⅓ c. sugar
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
1 tsp. fresh lemon juice
1 tsp. finely grated lime zest
1 tsp. fresh lime juice
2 large eggs
1 c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
1  lemon
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly butter a 24-cup mini-muffin pan. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat butter, 2/3 cup sugar, and lemon and lime zests on medium speed until light and creamy (not fluffy). Add lemon and lime juices along with eggs and beat to combine, scraping down bowl. With mixer on low, gradually add flour and salt and beat until blended. Divide batter among muffin cups (about 1 tablespoon each). Bake until cakes are golden around edges and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, combine 2/3 cup water and 2/3 cup sugar; cook over medium, stirring occasionally, until sugar dissolves, about 5 minutes. Add lemon slices and rapidly simmer until peel turns translucent and lemon syrup thickens slightly, 5 minutes.
With a toothpick, poke holes all over tops of warm tea cakes in pan. Drizzle 1/2 teaspoon lemon syrup over each cake. Let cakes cool slightly in pan; transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Spoon lemon slices on top if desired.


6 large egg yolks
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
⅓ c. cornstarch
1 tbsp. finely grated lemon zest
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
3½ c. milk
1 c. freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 c. heavy cream
In a medium saucepan (off heat), whisk yolks, 1 cup sugar, cornstarch, lemon zest, salt, and 1/2 cup of the milk until completely smooth; gradually whisk in remaining 3 cups milk.
Place saucepan over medium heat; bring to a gentle simmer, whisking occasionally (mixture will thicken when it reaches a simmer). Remove from heat; whisk in lemon juice.
Pour mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium bowl. Divide evenly among serving dishes; refrigerate, uncovered, until chilled, about 1 1/2 hours. (To store overnight, cover dishes tightly with plastic once pudding has chilled.)
To serve, whip cream with remaining 2 tablespoons sugar until soft peaks form. Spoon over puddings.


¾ c. sugar
3 large egg whites
1 c. unsalted butter
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 oz. semisweet chocolate
Combine sugar and egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Place over a pot of simmering water; whisk until hot and sugar is completely dissolved, about 3 minutes. Transfer bowl to mixer stand, and beat on high speed until cooled, 7 to 10 minutes.
Replace whisk with paddle attachment, and set mixer on medium-high speed; add butter, 1 to 2 tablespoons at a time, until incorporated. Beat in chocolate. If not using immediately, refrigerate buttercream in an airtight container for up to a week. Bring to room temperature, and rebeat or stir vigorously before using.


1 pt. blackberries
½ c. fresh  lemon juice
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 c. sugar
3 tbsp. sugar
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 large eggs
6 tbsp. cake flour (not self-rising)
1 c. milk
¾ tsp. salt
boiling water
4 oz. Creme fraiche
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Process 2 1/2 ounces blackberries (12 to 15 berries), 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and 3 tablespoons sugar in a food processor or blender until smooth. Pass mixture through a fine sieve into a small bowl; discard solids. Set sauce aside.
Butter inner top inch of six 6-ounce ramekins; set aside. Whisk together egg yolks and 3/4 cup sugar in a medium bowl. Whisk in flour and milk in two batches each, beginning with the flour. Whisk in remaining 1/2 cup lemon juice, the salt, and the melted butter, and set aside.
Put egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment; beat on medium-high speed until very frothy, about 1 1/2 minutes. With mixer running, add remaining 1/4 cup sugar in a slow, steady stream; beat until whites hold stiff (but not dry) peaks, about 2 minutes. Whisk half the whites into reserved lemon mixture until combined; gently fold in remaining whites with a rubber spatula.
Place the ramekins in a high-sided roasting pan or baking dish, and divide the batter among ramekins, filling each almost to the top. Spoon a few drops of berry sauce onto cakes, and use a toothpick or skewer to swirl sauce into batter. Transfer to oven; pour boiling water into pan, a bit more than halfway up sides of ramekins.
Bake until cakes are set and the tops are just starting to turn golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes. With tongs, transfer the ramekins from pan to a wire rack, and let cool 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, beat creme fraiche in a clean mixing bowl until it holds soft peaks. Serve cakes warm with creme fraiche and remaining blackberries.


4 c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. salt
8 oz. unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
2 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract

Sift flour, baking powder, and salt into a bowl. Cream butter and sugar with a mixer until pale and fluffy. Reduce speed to medium; add eggs and vanilla. Reduce speed to low; add flour mixture gradually, beating until incorporated. Shape dough into 2 disks. Wrap each in plastic and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.
Place 4 or 5 skewers on a parchment-lined baking sheet, alternating the direction the tips are pointed. Repeat with remaining skewers.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees, with racks in upper and lower thirds. Let 1 disk of dough stand at room temperature until just soft enough to roll, about 10 minutes. Roll out dough on a lightly floured surface to 1/4- to 1/2-inch thickness. Cut out shapes using a 3 3/4-inch flower cookie cutter (
Bake in batches, switching and rotating sheets halfway through, until edges of cookies turn golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Let cool on sheets on wire racks.
Spoon royal icing into a pastry bag fitted with a small plain round tip, and decorate cookies. Let stand overnight or until icing dries completely.


6 large eggs
3 c. whole milk
½  vanilla bean
½ c. sugar
1 envelope unflavored gelatin
½ tsp. salt
Using a paring knife, score eggshells two-thirds of the way up, and carefully crack. Separate egg whites and yolks. Transfer 5 egg yolks to a bowl; reserve egg whites and remaining yolk for another use. Bring a small pan of water to a boil. Add eggshells, and boil 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove shells, and drain. Scrape out membrane, and discard. Set eggshells aside in an egg carton.
Put milk, vanilla bean and seeds, and sugar into a medium saucepan; sprinkle with gelatin. Let stand until softened, about 3 minutes. Cook over low heat, stirring until sugar and gelatin are dissolved, about 2 minutes.
Whisk salt with egg yolks. Slowly whisk in hot milk mixture until combined, and then pour back into saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until custard is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Remove vanilla bean. Pour custard through a sieve into a pitcher; discard solids.
Pour 2 tablespoons custard into each eggshell, and divide remaining custard among six 6-ounce ramekins (alternatively, divide all custard among eight 6-ounce ramekins). Refrigerate until set, about 4 hours.


6 tbsp. unsalted butter
1¼ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
¾ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. sugar
½ c. almond paste
4 large eggs
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ c. whole milk
½ c. cherry preserves

Gum paste cherry blossoms (available at Wendy Kromer Confections)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 12- by 17-inch rimmed baking sheet, and line with parchment paper. Butter parchment, and dust with flour, tapping out excess; set aside. Sift flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a large bowl; set aside.
Put 3/4 cup sugar and the almond paste into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium-low speed until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 2 minutes. Raise speed to medium-high. Add butter; mix until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Mix in egg yolks and vanilla. Add flour mixture in 2 batches, alternating with the milk. Transfer to a large bowl; set aside.
Put egg whites into the clean bowl of an electric mixer fitted with whisk attachment; beat on medium-high speed until foamy. Gradually add remaining 1/4 cup sugar, beating until soft peaks form. Fold one-third of egg-white mixture into batter with a rubber spatula. Gently fold in remaining egg-white mixture.
Spread evenly into prepared sheet. Bake until a cake tester inserted into center comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer sheet to wire rack; let cool completely. Unmold; remove parchment.
Cut cake in half crosswise. Spread one half with preserves; top with remaining half. Refrigerate 1 hour. Trim cake, and cut into 1 1/2-inch squares. Transfer to a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet. Pour glaze over each petit four, spreading over top and sides to coat completely. Reuse glaze, straining to remove any solids, if needed. Refrigerate until set, about 20 minutes. Garnish with blossoms. Cakes can be refrigerated up to 2 days.


3 large egg whites
¾ c. sugar
1 pinch salt
⅓ c. water
¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
In a heatproof bowl set over (not in) a saucepan of simmering water, combine 3 large egg whites, 3/4 cup sugar, a pinch salt, and 1/3 cup water. Cook over medium, stirring constantly, until sugar has dissolved (or mixture registers 150 on an instant-read thermometer), 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat on medium-high until glossy, stiff peaks form (do not overbeat), about 3 minutes; reduce speed to low, add 1/4 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, and beat just until combined. Use immediately.


1½ c. shredded coconut


Yellow and light-blue food coloring
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spread coconut on a rimmed baking sheet; bake until light brown, 8 to 10 minutes, rotating pan once. Set aside to cool.
Lightly frost cupcakes with 1 cup


2 pt. mango sorbet
¼ c. sugar
¼ c. water
¼ c. packed basil leaves
2 pt. vanilla ice cream
4 large egg whites
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
Finely grated zest of 2 limes
1 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. sugar
Finely grated zest of 1 lime
diced mango
basil leaves
Using scissors, cut the cartons from the mango sorbet. Lay the sorbet on its side and cut each pint into 4 rounds. Arrange the sorbet slices on a plate lined with plastic wrap and freeze until firm.
Make the Basil Ice Cream
Make the Lime Meringue Kisses
Spoon the lime meringue into a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch round tip and pipe 1/2-inch kisses onto the prepared baking sheets, about 1/2 inch apart. Bake for about 1 1/4 hours, until the lime meringues are firm and dry; shift the pans among the racks 3 times for even baking. Turn off the oven, prop the door open, and let the meringues cool completely, about 1 hour.
Make the Lime Whipped Cream
Arrange the frozen mango sorbet slices in the bottoms of shallow bowls or on dessert plates. Top with scoops of the basil ice cream. Top with some of the lime meringue kisses and dollops of the lime whipped cream. Garnish with diced mango, basil leaves, and more lime meringue kisses. Serve the vacherin right away.


½ tsp. unflavored powdered gelatin
1 tbsp. water
⅓ c. whole milk
⅓ c. heavy cream
4 large egg yolks
3 tbsp. sugar
4 oz. milk chocolate
2 oz. bittersweet chocolate
5 large egg yolks
½ c. granulated sugar
3 large egg whites
1 tsp. fresh lemon juice
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. unflavored powdered gelatin
1 tbsp. water
⅔ c. whole milk
1⅔ c. heavy cream
½ c. cocoa nibs (available at specialty-food stores)
4 large egg yolks
⅓ c. sugar
¾ c. all-purpose flour
1¼ c. toasted hazelnuts
½ c. light brown sugar
½ tsp. salt
1 stick unsalted butter
Make the chocolate cream
Make the biscuits
Meanwhile, make the cocoa nib mousse
Puree the mixture and strain it into the saucepan; bring to a simmer. In a medium heatproof bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the sugar. Gradually whisk in the cocoa nib liquid. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over low heat, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 4 minutes. Off the heat, whisk in the gelatin until melted. Pour the mixture into a clean bowl and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. Whip the remaining 1 cup of heavy cream to soft peaks and fold it into the chilled cocoa nib mixture. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Make the hazelnut crumble
Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the hazelnut crumble into each of 8 wide glasses. Top with 2 rounded tablespoons of the cocoa nib mousse, 1 chocolate biscuit, 2 rounded tablespoons of the chocolate cream, and 2 more tablespoons of the hazelnut crumble. Repeat the process with the remaining mousse, biscuits, cream, and hazelnut crumble. Serve right away.


2 stick unsalted butter
all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
½  vanilla bean
2  oranges
4 large egg yolks
3 large eggs
1¼ c. sugar
2 small young wild fennel bulbs
½  vanilla bean
salt
1 lb. small strawberries
¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Wild fennel pollen
Make the Pound Cake
Scrape the batter into the loaf pan and bake in the center of the oven for 1 1/2 hours, until the cake is risen and a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean. Let the pound cake cool in the pan for 30 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack to cool completely.
Make the Compote:
Add the strawberries and their juices to the fennel, cover, and roast for 30 minutes. Discard the vanilla bean and transfer the compote to a bowl. Slice the cake and set a slice on each plate. Top with the compote, sprinkle with fennel pollen, and serve.


2 tbsp. cornstarch
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1/4 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
2½ lb. apples, peeled
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tbsp. grated ginger
1 package frozen blackberries
1  refrigerated rolled pie crust
1 large egg
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
Heat oven to 400°F. In a large bowl, whisk together the cornstarch, salt and 1/4 cup of the sugar. Add the apples and toss to coat.
Melt the butter in a large (10- to 12-in.) cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add the ginger and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the blackberries and stir to combine.
Remove from heat and add the apple mixture, mixing until combined. Lay the pie crust over the fruit, brush with the egg, and sprinkle with the cinnamon and remaining 2 Tbsp sugar. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the crust is golden brown and the fruit is bubbling, 35 to 40 minutes.


4 large egg yolks
1 tbsp. finely grated lemon peel
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
½ c. fresh Ruby Red grapefruit juice
4 tsp. cornstarch
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
½ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. sour cream
Prepare curd:
Transfer curd to medium bowl. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface of curd. Cool to room temperature, then refrigerate at least 2 hours or until cold and stiff, up to 1 week. When ready to use, fold in sour cream until well combined.


butter
2½ c. biscuit baking mix
1 c. sugar
1 tsp. cinnamon
3 large ripe banans
3 large eggs
½ c. chocolate chips
½ c. chopped pecans
⅓ c. vegetable oil
1 tsp. vanilla
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9- by 5- by 3-inch loaf pan.
Add all ingredients to pan and mix with a fork until fully combined. Place in oven and bake until a wooden skewer inserted into center of loaf comes out clean, about 1 hour.


1  ready-to-fill 10-in. graham cracker pie crust
½ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. cornstarch
.13 tsp. kosher salt
2 c. whole milk
2 c. heavy cream
4 large egg yolks
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 large bananas
To transfer the pie crust to your own pie plate, unfold the top rim of the crust's foil pan packaging; hold the plastic cover in place and invert. Remove the foil pan, place a pie plate over the crust, invert again and remove the plastic cover.
In a medium saucepan, whisk together the sugar, cornstarch and salt. Add the milk and 1 cup of the heavy cream and whisk until fully incorporated; whisk in the egg yolks. Bring the mixture to a simmer. Gently simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla.
Pour half the pudding mixture into the pie crust. Slice the bananas crosswise 1/4 in. thick and arrange in a single layer on top of the pudding. Top with the remaining pudding and smooth the top. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the pudding. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 3 hours and up to 1 day.
When ready to serve, using an electric mixer, beat the remaining cup cream in a medium bowl until stiff peaks form; spread over the pie.


2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
1/2 c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. whole milk
1 large egg
6 oz. fresh blueberries
Heat oven to 400ºF. Line a 12-cup muffin tin with paper liners or coat with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt and 1/2 cup of the sugar; make a well in the center.
Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Once it melts, swirl the pan until the butter begins to brown and smell nutty, 2 to 3 minutes; remove from heat.
Pour the butter, milk and egg into the well of flour and stir to combine (a few lumps in the batter are OK--don't overmix); fold in the blueberries. Divide the batter among the muffin cups; sprinkle with the remaining sugar. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, 16 to 20 minutes. Let cool before unmolding.


2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. unsweetened cocoa
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. kosher salt
2 stick  unsalted butter
1½ c. granulated sugar
2 large eggs
2 package peanut butter chips (3 1⁄3 cups)
Heat oven to 350ºF. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.
In a bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in the eggs, one at a time. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture, mixing just until combined (the batter will be very stiff). Stir in the peanut butter chips.
Drop rounded Tbsp-size mounds of the batter 2 in. apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until firm around the edges but still soft in the middle, 10 to 12 minutes. Let the cookies cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheets before transferring to wire racks to cool completely.
Fill canning or other glass jars with the cookies or line a shirt-sized  box with tissue or parchment paper and place them inside.


1¼ c. graham cracker crumbs
4 tbsp. butter or margarine
2 tbsp. brown sugar
¾ tsp. fresh orange peel
.13 tsp. salt
1 container ricotta cheese
2 package cream cheese
2 tbsp. cornstarch
1¼ c. granulated sugar
5 large eggs
1 c. light cream
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
2 lb. strawberries
1 tbsp. orange-flavored liqueur
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 9-inch springform pan; wrap outside of pan with heavy-duty foil to prevent batter from leaking during baking.
In food processor with knife blade attached, pulse crumbs, butter, brown sugar, 1/4 teaspoon orange peel, and salt until combined. Transfer to prepared pan; firmly press onto bottom of pan in even layer. Wipe out processor.
Bake crust 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely on wire rack. Reset oven control to 325 degrees F.
In food processor with knife blade attached, pulse ricotta until smooth. Add cream cheese and pulse until smooth. Add cornstarch and 1 cup granulated sugar and pulse until very smooth, scraping down side and bottom of bowl occasionally.
In large bowl, with wire whisk, stir eggs until blended. Whisk in cream, vanilla, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon orange peel until well combined. Whisk in ricotta mixture until smooth.
Pour batter onto crust. Bake cheesecake 1 hour. Turn off oven; let cheesecake remain in oven 1 hour.
Remove cheesecake from oven. To help prevent cracking during cooling, run a thin knife between edge of cheesecake and pan as soon as cheesecake comes out of oven. Cool cake in pan on wire rack 2 hours. Cover and refrigerate cheesecake at least 6 hours or overnight, until well chilled.
In large bowl, combine strawberries, liqueur, if using, and remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar until well mixed. Let stand at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.
To serve, remove foil and side of pan and place cake on plate. Decoratively arrange strawberries on cake; serve with remaining syrup.


4 small apples
1 tsp. sugar
.13 tsp. ground allspice
.13 tsp. ground nutmeg
8 tsp. dried cherries
4 tsp. water
2 tsp. trans-fat free vegetable oil spread (60 to 70 percent oil)
8 tsp. chopped walnuts
Cut off top 1/2 inch from each apple. With melon baller, core through stem ends without breaking through bottom.
Place in glass pie plate; sprinkle with sugar and spices. Divide cherries, water, and vegetable oil spread among cavities and tops of apples.
Cover; microwave on Medium-High (70 percent power) 8 minutes or until tender. Let stand, covered, 3 minutes. Top with walnuts.


4  lemons
1  ruby red grapefruit
2¼ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1½ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
½ c. vegetable oil
5 large eggs
2 large egg whites
½ tsp. cream of tartar
8 oz. mascarpone cheese
1½ c. heavy whipping cream
1 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
⅓ c. sour cream
1 c. prepared lemon curd (see Tip)
Edible flowers
Prepare cake layers:
In large bowl, with wire whisk, blend flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Make a well in center. Add oil, 5 egg yolks, lemon juice, grapefruit juice, and 2 teaspoons lemon peel; whisk into dry ingredients until smooth.
In another large bowl, with mixer on high speed, beat 7 egg whites until foamy. Add cream of tartar and beat until soft peaks form. Gradually sprinkle in remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time, and beat until whites just stand in stiff peaks when beaters are lifted. With rubber spatula, gently fold one-third of whites mixture into yolk mixture to loosen the batter, then fold in remaining whites mixture.
Divide batter among prepared pans. Gently smooth tops. Bake 33 to 35 minutes or until top springs back when lightly touched with finger. Cool completely in pans on wire racks. With knife, carefully loosen cake from sides of pans. Invert onto wire racks. Carefully peel off parchment and discard. Cake layers can be wrapped tightly in plastic wrap and kept at room temperature up to 1 day.
Prepare frosting:
Fold sour cream into lemon curd until well blended.
Assemble cake:


1 c. hazelnuts
1 c. sugar
¼ c. unsweetened cocoa
1 oz. unsweetened chocolate
.13 tsp. salt
2 large egg whites
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large cookie sheets with parchment paper.
In food processor with knife blade attached, pulse hazelnuts with sugar, cocoa, chocolate, and salt until ground. Add egg whites and vanilla; process until well blended. (Mixture will be tacky.)
Drop batter by rounded teaspoons, 2 inches apart, on cookie sheet. Bake 10 minutes or until tops look dry. Cool completely on cookie sheet on wire rack. Store in airtight container up to 1 day or freeze up to 1 month.


3½ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
4 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. fine sea salt
1½ stick unsalted butter
1 large orange
1 c. heavy cream
½ c. whole milk
2 tbsp. turbinado sugar
2 pt. strawberries
2½ c. whipped cream
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. In a heavy-duty mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add flour, 1/3 cup granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt and mix on low speed to combine. Add butter and zest, and mix on low until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 2 minutes. Add cream and milk and increase speed to medium; mix until dough comes together.
Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface, lightly knead a few times, and shape into a rectangle about 3/4 inch thick. Cut out dough circles using a 3-inch round cutter and place on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Lightly brush tops with heavy cream and sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Bake until shortcakes are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool. (Shortcakes can be stored in an airtight container for up to 2 days.)
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine strawberries, orange juice, and remaining granulated sugar. Gently stir together. Set aside.
To serve, halve shortcakes horizontally with a serrated knife. Place bottom halves on individual serving plates, and top each with a dollop of whipped cream, some berries, then another dollop of whipped cream. Top with remaining shortcake halves.


¼ c. butter
3 c. milk
1 c. sugar
½ c. heavy cream
3 tbsp. lime zest (from 3 large limes)
1 tbsp. freshly grated ginger (from a 3-inch piece)
¾ tsp. kosher salt
1 can coconut milk
1  egg
1 c. golden raisins or other dried fruit
1 c. sliced almonds or other nuts
1 c. uncooked rice (preferably basmati)
½ c. grated coconut
1 c. sliced bananas, kiwis, or mangos
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease a 9-inch by 13-inch baking dish with butter; set aside.
In a large bowl, whisk together butter, milk, sugar, cream, lime zest, ginger, salt, coconut milk, and egg. Stir in raisins, almonds, rice, and fresh fruit, then transfer to prepared baking dish. Cover snugly with foil and bake 45 minutes. Uncover and bake until rice is just tender and pudding is thick and bubbly, about 30 minutes more. Set aside to rest 30 minutes, or until firm.
Slice into squares or scoop into bowls, garnish with coconut and fresh fruit, and serve.


½ c. old-fashioned rolled oats
½ c. water
½ c. milk (cow's, soy, or almond)
1 pinch salt
⅓ c. blackberries
1 tbsp. chopped walnuts
blackberries
1  graham cracker
In a small pot over medium heat, combine oats, water, milk, and salt. Stir occasionally, until oats are thick, about 5 minutes. Stir in blackberries until warmed through, then pour into a bowl and add toppings.


1 stick unsalted butter
1¾ c. sugar
4 large eggs
½ c. self-rising flour
2 c. sweetened shredded coconut
2 c. milk
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and butter two 9-inch glass pie plates.
In a large bowl, whisk the melted butter with the sugar. Add the eggs and beat until smooth. Stir in the flour, coconut and milk. Divide the mixture between the pie plates and bake in the lower third of the oven for about 1 hour, until the pies are firm to the touch and golden. Transfer the pies to a rack and cool completely before serving.


1 lb. dark chocolate (60 to 70 percent cacao)
1¼ c. roasted whole almonds
¾ c. salted roasted pumpkin seeds
¾ c. sunflower seeds
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Using a sharp knife, finely chop the chocolate. In a bowl set over a saucepan of gently simmering water, heat the chopped chocolate, stirring occasionally, until it is about two-thirds melted; do not let the bowl touch the water. Remove the bowl from the saucepan and stir the chocolate until it is completely melted and the temperature registers 90 degrees F on a candy thermometer. If the chocolate has not melted completely and is still too cool, set it over the saucepan for 1 or 2 minutes longer, stirring constantly; do not overheat.
Stir the almonds and seeds into the chocolate and spread onto the prepared baking sheet in a 1/2-inch-thick layer, making sure the nuts and seeds are completely covered in chocolate. Refrigerate the bark for about 10 minutes, until hardened. Invert the bark onto a work surface. Remove the parchment paper, break into 25 pieces, and store or serve.


¾ c. all-purpose flour
kosher salt
4 tbsp. cold unsalted butter
½ c. shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
2½ tbsp. cold water
¼ tsp. cider vinegar
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
6 large apples, such as Pink Lady or Granny Smith
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ c. light brown sugar
2 tbsp. light brown sugar
½ tsp. cinnamon
.13 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
kosher salt
2 pt. vanilla frozen yogurt
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a food processor, combine the flour with 1/4 teaspoon of Kosher salt. Coarsely grate the cold butter into the food processor. Pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the shredded cheddar cheese and pulse twice. Add the cold water and cider vinegar, and pulse just until the dough is evenly moistened. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and knead until it just comes together. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes or until chilled.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough to a 9-inch square and transfer to the baking sheet. Bake for about 40 minutes, until golden. Let cool.
In a large skillet, melt the butter. Add the apples and toss to coat. Add the granulated sugar, light brown sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg, and season lightly with salt. Cook over moderately high heat, stirring frequently, until the apples are tender and translucent, about 15 minutes.
Add 1/2 cup of water to the skillet and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat. Transfer half of the apples to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Scrape the puree into a bowl and freeze until it is cold, about 30 minutes.
Soften the frozen yogurt slightly and transfer it to a large bowl. Fold in the cold apple puree and freeze until the frozen yogurt is firm, about 30 minutes.
Scoop the frozen yogurt into 8 bowls and top with the sautéed apples. Break the cheddar crust into large shards and serve with the sundaes.


1 c. pecans
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. canola oil
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
¼ c. light brown sugar
2 tbsp. light brown sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1½ c. whole wheat pastry flour
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line the bottom of a 9- by 13-inch baking pan with parchment paper. Spread the pecans in a pie plate and toast for about 8 minutes, until golden. Chop the pecans and let cool.
In the bowl of a standing electric mixer, beat the butter and oil with the granulated sugar and brown sugar until creamy. Beat in the egg and vanilla until smooth. In a small bowl, whisk the flour with the baking soda and salt; beat the dry ingredients into the mixer at low speed. Add the chocolate chips and pecans; beat just until incorporated.
Transfer the dough to the prepared baking pan and press into an even layer. Bake for about 20 minutes, until lightly browned and nearly set in the center. Let cool completely, then run a knife around the edges and invert the rectangle. Peel off the paper and invert onto a cutting board. Cut and serve.


38  NABISCO Ginger Snaps
¼ c. finely chopped PLANTERS Pecans
¼ c. butter or margarine
4 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
1 can pumpkin
1 tbsp. pumpkin pie spice
1 tsp. vanilla
4  eggs
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix crumbs, nuts and butter; press onto bottom and 1 inch up side of 9-inch springform pan.
Beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Add pumpkin, spice and vanilla; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour into crust.
Bake 1 hour 20 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes or until center is almost set. Loosen cake from rim of pan; cool before removing rim. Refrigerate 4 hours.


1 package brownie mix (13- by 9-inch pan size)
1 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
⅓ c. sugar
1  egg
½ tsp. vanilla
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Prepare brownie batter as directed on package; spread into greased 13- by 9-inch pan.
Beat cream cheese with mixer until creamy. Add sugar, egg and vanilla; mix well. Drop by tablespoonfuls over brownie batter; swirl with knife.
Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until cream cheese mixture is lightly browned. Cool completely before cutting to serve. Keep refrigerated.


40  NILLA Wafers
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
4 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla
1 tsp. vanilla
3  eggs
1 tub COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix wafer crumbs and butter; press onto bottom of 9-inch springform pan.
Beat 3 packages cream cheese, 3/4 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon vanilla with mixer until well blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 50 to 55 minutes or until center is almost set. Run knife around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool completely in pan.
Beat remaining cream cheese, sugar and vanilla with mixer in large bowl until well blended. Whisk in COOL WHIP; spread over cheesecake. Refrigerate 4 hours. Remove rim of pan before serving cheesecake.


24  Oreo cookies
¼ c. butter or margarine
4 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. flour
1 tsp. vanilla
1 package BAKER'S Semi-Sweet Chocolate
4  eggs
½ c. blueberries
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix crumbs and butter; press onto bottom of 13- by 9-inch foil-lined pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Beat cream cheese, sugar, flour and vanilla with mixer until well blended. Add chocolate; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 45 minutes or until center is almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 4 hours. Use foil to lift cheesecake from pan. Top with berries.


6  HONEY MAID Honey Grahams
3 tbsp. sugar
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
5 package Philadelphia Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
3 tbsp. flour
1 tbsp. vanilla
1 c. BREAKSTONE'S or KNUDSEN Sour Cream
4  eggs
1 can cherry pie filling
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Line 13- by 9-inch pan with foil, with ends of foil extending over sides. Mix graham crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar and butter; press onto bottom of pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, beat cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, flour and vanilla with mixer until well blended. Add sour cream; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 40 minutes or until center is almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 4 hours. Use foil handles to lift cheesecake from pan before cutting to serve. Top with pie filling.


4 oz. your favorite bittersweet chocolate
4 oz. unsalted butter
2  egg yolks
2  eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
4 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 pinch Sea salt
4 tbsp. cake flour
These cakes can be made the day before and stored in the refrigerator, ready to bake. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Prepare baking dishes by liberally spreading room temperature butter into four 4-ounce molds or round soufflé dishes, or spray 4-ounce molds with pan spray.
Melt together chocolate and butter in a medium saucepan until melted and smooth, stirring constantly.
In a separate bowl, whisk together egg yolks, eggs, vanilla, sugar, and salt.  Whisk in melted chocolate mixture. Sprinkle sifted flour over the mixture and fold in. Pour batter into each of the prepared dishes.
Bake 20 to 30 minutes (longer for refrigerated batter), checking halfway through the cooking time. The cake batter should rise above the sides of the dishes and the top edges should be dark brown in color. Remove from the oven while the centers are still soft and gooey.
Using a paring knife, run around the sides of the dish to loosen the cakes. Allow cakes to cool at room temperature for 5 minutes.
To plate:
Serve immediately with fresh Pontchatoula Strawberries and freshly whipped and lightly sweetened whipped cream or crème fraiche.


1  frozen banana
½ large mango
¼  pineapple
½ c. peach nectar
1 c. ice cubes
Slice the banana and place in a blender along with the mango, pineapple, peach nectar and ice. Puree until smooth.


1 envelope powdered gelatin
3 c. cold buttermilk
1 c. heavy cream
3 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
kosher salt
1 bottle light red wine
7  black peppercorns
2  navel oranges
2  red navel oranges
Fill a double boiler with water and set over low heat, bringing water to a simmer. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, sprinkle gelatin over buttermilk and allow to soften and expand, about 1 minute. Pour gelatin-buttermilk mixture into top of double boiler and heat, stirring constantly, until gelatin is completely dissolved, about 2 minutes, making sure liquid does not boil. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, bring heavy cream and 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar to a boil. Remove from heat and add to gelatin-buttermilk mixture. Stir to combine, then pour mixture through a fine-mesh strainer. Season with salt. Divide custard among 6-ounce glasses and refrigerate until chilled and set, about 2 hours.
Meanwhile, in a large saucepan, combine wine, remaining 2 cups sugar, peppercorns, orange peel, and 1 teaspoon salt and bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer, uncovered, until mixture is reduced by one-third, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.
Divide orange segments over custards in glasses, then top fruit with 3 to 4 tablespoons red wine syrup and serve immediately. Any extra syrup can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 6 months.


2 c. frozen strawberries
1 c. nonfat vanilla yogurt
½ c. orange juice
1 tbsp. strawberry preserves
In a blender, puree the strawberries, yogurt and orange juice until smooth.


¼ c. sugar
3 tbsp. freshly squeezed lime juice
2 tbsp. Triple Sec (orange-flavored liqueur)
2 tbsp. tequila
3 pt.  strawberries
Mix sugar, lime juice, Triple Sec and tequila in a medium bowl.
Process 1 cup of the strawberries in a blender or food processor until smooth. Cut remaining berries in half.
Stir puréed and halved berries into sugar mixture. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours before serving.


¼  honeydew
2  ripe Bartlett or other green pears
½ c. white grape or apple juice
1 c. ice cubes
½ c. fresh mint leaves
In a blender, puree the honeydew, pear, juice, ice and mint until smooth.


1 oz. banana
2 tbsp. natural creamy peanut butter
1 c. 1% milk
1 c. ice cubes
1 tbsp. honey
Slice the banana and place in a blender along with the peanut butter, milk, ice cubes and honey. Puree until smooth.


1 c. all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled)
⅓ c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. Dutch-process cocoa powder
1½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. milk
1 large egg
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. mini chocolate chips
¼ c. chopped pecans
4 tbsp. vegetable oil
Confectioners' sugar (optional)
Hot fudge sauce (optional)
Preheat oven to 225 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together flour, granulated sugar, cocoa, baking powder, and salt. In another bowl, whisk together milk, egg, melted butter, and vanilla; pour over flour mixture, whisking to combine. Fold in chocolate chips and pecans; let batter stand until slightly thickened, 5 to 10 minutes.
In a large nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon oil over medium heat until a water droplet sizzles; swirl to coat bottom of pan with oil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Spoon four small mounds (1 heaping tablespoon each) of batter into skillet. Cook until bubbles appear in center, 3 to 4 minutes. With a thin spatula, flip pancakes; continue cooking until set, 3 to 4 minutes more.
Transfer to a baking sheet; cover loosely with foil; place in oven to keep warm. Repeat with remaining oil and batter in three more batches (adjust heat as necessary to avoid overbrowning).
Stack 4 pancakes on each plate, sprinkling each layer with confectioners' sugar, if desired. Serve immediately, drizzled with hot fudge sauce, if desired.


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. ground allspice
1 tsp. salt
1 c. unsulfured molasses
½ c. unsalted butter
¼ c. bourbon
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
4 c. coarsely chopped pecans
Whisk together flour, allspice, and salt in a small bowl; set aside.
Melt molasses and butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat; let cool slightly. Stir in bourbon. Transfer to a medium bowl; whisk in sugar until smooth. Stir in flour mixture and 1 cup pecans. Refrigerate dough until firm, at least 1 hour or up to overnight.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Scoop balls of dough using a 1 1/4-inch (1-ounce) ice cream scoop; roll in remaining 3 cups pecans. Space 1 1/2 inches apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper. Bake until flattened and lightly colored on edges, 9 to 11 minutes. Let cool on sheets 3 minutes. Transfer to wire racks; let cool completely. Store in airtight containers at room temperature up to 1 week.


5¾ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tbsp. Coarse salt
1 tbsp. ground cardamom
1 tsp. ground allspice
¼ tsp. Freshly ground pepper
¼ tsp. ground cloves
8 oz. unsalted butter
1 c. dark-brown sugar
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. dark corn syrup
¼ c. water
¼ c. heavy cream
1 large egg
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Whisk flour, baking soda, salt, cardamom, allspice, pepper, and cloves in a large bowl. Place butter in a mixer bowl. Bring sugars, corn syrup, and water to a boil in a large saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Pour hot sugar mixture over butter, then beat on low speed until combined.
Beat cream, egg, and vanilla in a bowl, then add to butter mixture. Beat on medium speed until well combined.
Reduce speed to low, and add flour mixture, beating until just incorporated. Divide dough into thirds, and flatten each into a disk. Wrap each disk in plastic, and refrigerate overnight (or freeze for up to 1 month; thaw in the refrigerator).
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Roll out 1 disk between lightly floured parchment to 1/8-inch thickness. Alternatively, the dough can be rolled out to 1/16-inch thickness for a crisper cookie. Place a lightly floured plastic faux-bois mat (available from Chinese Clay Art) on dough, pattern side down. With rolling pin, lightly roll over mat to imprint dough. Carefully remove mat. Transfer dough on parchment to a baking sheet, and refrigerate until firm, about 10 minutes. Repeat with remaining disks.
Cut out shapes with holiday cookie cutters. (Alternatively, use  tree template: Copy onto card stock, enlarging 200 percent. Cut out, place over dough, and cut along edge with the tip of a paring knife.) Transfer cookies to parchment-lined baking sheets, grouping similar sizes together and spacing them 1 inch apart. Roll out and cut scraps once. Bake cookies, rotating sheets halfway through, until edges are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. (If making small cookies, start checking after 8 minutes.) Transfer to wire racks, and let cool. Cookies will keep, covered, for up to 2 weeks.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. Coarse salt
2 tsp. ground anise seeds
4 large eggs
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Sift flour, baking powder, salt, and anise in a medium bowl. Whisk eggs with a mixer on medium speed. Slowly add sugar, increase speed to high, and whisk until thick and glossy, about 10 minutes. Reduce speed to low and add flour mixture, whisking until just combined.
Spoon batter into a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch round tip. Pipe 1-inch tapered mounds on baking sheets lined with nonstick baking mats, spacing them 1 inch apart. Bake until firm, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool on sheets on wire racks. Cookies will keep, layered between parchment and covered, for up to 1 week.


7 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
1 c. unsalted butter
1½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. pure lemon extract
Finely grated zest of 1 lemon (optional)
2 large eggs
1 c. heavy cream
Vegetable oil cooking spray
Whisk together 3 cups flour, the cinnamon, and salt in a medium bowl; set aside. Put butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; mix on medium speed until pale and fluffy. Add extracts, and zest if using; mix until combined. Add eggs; mix until combined.
Whisk cream in a medium bowl until just slightly thickened. Fold into butter mixture.
Reduce mixer speed to low. Add flour mixture, and mix until just combined. Add remaining flour, 1 cup at a time, mixing until incorporated after each addition, until dough is just soft enough to handle but still slightly sticky. Roll tablespoons of dough into balls.
Coat a bratseli or pizzelle iron with cooking spray, and heat. Place 1 ball of dough in each grid, and press handle down tightly. Cook bratseli until golden (some machines have a green light that will illuminate when done), 1 to 1 1/2  minutes. Trim edges, if needed. Let cool completely on wire racks. Cookies can be stored between layers of parchment in airtight containers at room temperature up to 2 weeks.


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
2 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. ground cloves
¾ tsp. Coarse salt
¾ c. unsalted butter
1 c. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. dark rum
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Whisk flour, cornstarch, spices, and salt in a bowl. Put butter and 1/3 cup sugar into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until pale and fluffy. Mix in rum and vanilla. Reduce speed to low, and gradually mix in flour mixture.
Divide dough in half. Place each on a piece of parchment paper; shape dough into logs. Fold parchment over dough; using a ruler, roll and press into a 1 1/4-inch log. Wrap in parchment. Chill in freezer 30 minutes (up to 1 month).
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Unwrap logs. Cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds; space 1 inch apart on parchment-lined baking sheets. Bake until just golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer cookies to wire racks; let cool 10 minutes. Gently toss warm cookies with remaining 2/3 cup sugar in a resealable plastic bag. Cookies can be refrigerated in airtight containers up to 2 weeks.


Vegetable oil cooking spray
2 c. sugar
½ c. light corn syrup
½ c. water
2 tsp. fresh lemon juice
1 tsp. pure peppermint extract
1 drop blue gel-paste food coloring
1 drop violet gel-paste food coloring
Coat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Bring sugar, corn syrup, and water to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until sugar dissolves. Cook, undisturbed, until mixture registers 305 degrees on a candy thermometer, about 12 minutes. Remove pan from heat, and stir in lemon juice and peppermint extract. Working quickly, pour hot sugar mixture onto prepared sheet. (Be careful not to touch hot mixture.) Let cool until bubbles subside, about 30 seconds.
Coat a metal spatula with cooking spray, then fold 2 edges of mixture inward, toward center (pictured, above left). Continuously fold candy in half on itself with spatula until it is cool enough to handle, about 1 minute (it will still be very hot).
Wearing rubber gloves and working quickly, pull candy to a length of 1 foot, then fold in half on itself. Repeat, twisting and pulling until candy starts to turn white. Remove a golf-ball-sized piece, and add food colorings to the smaller piece. Continue to stretch and fold both pieces separately. When candy is almost cool, and the uncolored piece is white, pull each piece into a 12-inch-long rope.
Place ropes side by side, and fold in half together to layer colors. Twist pieces together. Starting at 1 end, pull and twist until rope is 1/2 inch thick. Working quickly, twist and pull end to taper slightly, and cut off a 6-inch length with scissors. Continue twisting, pulling, and cutting icicles until candy becomes too hard and can no longer be pulled. (There will be some left over. Reserve for another use, such as crushing over ice cream or cookies. Transfer icicles to a baking sheet to harden. Store, covered, for up to 4 days.


nonstick cooking spray
1 lb. white chocolate  (do not use chips)
2 c. puffed rice cereal
1 bag hard peppermint candies
Spray a 10-by-15-inch rimmed baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray; line with a piece of waxed paper. Crush candies (see note below).
Place white chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over (not in) a saucepan of simmering water. Heat, stirring occasionally, until smooth, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in rice cereal.
Transfer mixture to prepared pan; with a spatula, spread to edges of pan.
Sprinkle with crushed candy; with a piece of waxed paper covering the entire surface, press in gently (paper prevents hands from sticking to candy and chocolate). Chill until firm, 20 to 30 minutes (no longer, as candy will begin to soften).
Peel waxed paper off. Break bark into 2-inch pieces. Store at room temperature in an airtight container, up to 1 week.


8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
½ tsp. pure vegetable shortening
¼ c. white or colored sugar beads
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In the top of a double boiler or in a heat-proof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, melt the chocolate and shortening, stirring with a rubber spatula until smooth.
Spoon the melted chocolate in nickel-size circles onto prepared baking sheet. Cool for 20 minutes; sprinkle with sugar beads. Let nonpareils harden in a cool place for 4 hours before serving.


2¼ c. sugar
¾ c. whole milk
½ tsp. salt
¼ c. water
9 oz. Pecan halves
2½ oz. unsalted butter
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tbsp. dark rum
1 tsp. dark rum
12 oz. bittersweet chocolate
Bring 1 1/2 cups sugar, the milk, and salt to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove from heat (mixture may look separated).
Bring water and remaining 3/4 cup sugar to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Wash sides of pan with a wet pastry brush to prevent sugar crystals from forming. Cook, undisturbed, until sugar begins to turn light gold, about 5 minutes. Swirl pan, then cook until caramel turns amber, about 2 minutes. Immediately remove pan from heat. Carefully stir in milk mixture (liquid may bubble up), then pecans. Place pan over medium heat, and cook, stirring often, until caramel registers 242 degrees on a candy thermometer, about 7 minutes.
Remove pan from heat, and stir in butter, vanilla, and rum. Continue stirring until caramel cools and becomes very thick and difficult to stir, about 10 minutes. Drop small mounds of caramel onto a baking sheet lined with a nonstick baking mat, and let cool.
Place melted chocolate in a medium bowl. Using an offset spatula, dip bottom of each pecan cluster into chocolate, leaving top partially undipped. Place dipped pecan clusters on a parchment-lined baking sheet, and let stand until chocolate is set. Pecan clusters will keep, covered, for up to 5 days.


2 tbsp. thinly sliced blood or navel orange zest (from 1/2 orange)
2  blood or navel oranges
⅓ c. sugar
Coarse salt
2 tbsp. water
In a medium saucepan, combine orange zest and slices, sugar, salt, and water; bring to a boil over high. Reduce heat to medium, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until oranges collapse and liquid is syrupy, 12 to 15 minutes.
Cool compote to room temperature. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator, up to 2 weeks.


Vegetable-oil cooking spray
2 c. sugar
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
4 package unflavored gelatin
¾ tsp. peppermint extract
2 large egg whites
2 tsp. red food coloring
1½ c. water
Coat an 8-inch square pan with cooking spray; line bottom with parchment paper. Coat the parchment with cooking spray, and set pan aside. Put sugar, corn syrup, and 3/4 cup water in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until sugar is dissolved. Stop stirring; let mixture come to a boil. Raise heat to medium-high; cook until mixture registers 260 degrees on a candy thermometer.
Meanwhile, sprinkle gelatin over 3/4 cup water in a heatproof bowl; let stand 5 minutes to soften. Set the bowl with the gelatin mixture over a pan of simmering water; whisk constantly until gelatin is dissolved. Remove from heat, and stir in extract; set aside.
Beat egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until stiff (but not dry) peaks form. Whisk gelatin mixture into sugar mixture; with mixer running, gradually add to egg whites. Mix on high speed until very thick, 12 to 15 minutes.
Pour mixture into lined pan. Working quickly, drop dots of red food coloring across surface of marshmallow. Using a toothpick, swirl food coloring into marshmallow to create a marbleized effect. Let marshmallow stand, uncovered, at room temperature until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight. Cut into squares.


4 c. sifted all-purpose flour
½ tsp. table salt
1 tsp. baking powder
1 c. unsalted butter
2 c. sugar
2 large eggs
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Assorted liquid food coloring, for decorating
Line two baking sheets with parchment paper; set aside. In large bowl, sift together flour, salt, and baking powder; set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Beat in eggs.
Add reserved flour mixture; mix on low speed until well combined. Stir in vanilla. Wrap in plastic; refrigerate for 45 minutes.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. On a floured work surface, roll dough 1/4 inch thick. Transfer rolled dough to a prepared baking sheet; chill until firm, about 15 minutes. Cut dough into large rectangles. Place the cut cookies 2 inches apart on both of the prepared baking sheets. To decorate, place a few drops of food coloring on a cookie. Using a straw, gently blow food coloring over cookie. Place baking sheet of decorated cookies in refrigerator; chill until dough is firm, about 15 minutes.
Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until edges of cookies start to brown. With a metal spatula, transfer cookies to wire racks; let cool.


¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. ground mace
¼ tsp. ground cloves
⅓ c. blanched whole almonds
⅓ c. blanched hazelnuts
⅓ c. diced candied orange peel
⅓ c. diced candied lemon peel
4  Medjool dates
3 oz. almond paste
⅓ c. apricot jam
3 large eggs
¾ c. packed light-brown sugar
½ c. confectioners' sugar
3 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 tbsp. whole milk
Whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, and spices. Pulse almonds and hazelnuts in a food processor until very finely chopped. Add candied peels and dates, and pulse until finely chopped. Add almond paste, and pulse to combine. Add jam, and pulse. Add eggs and brown sugar, and pulse. Add flour mixture, and pulse. Transfer dough to an airtight container, and refrigerate overnight (or up to 3 days).
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Using a 2-inch ice cream scoop (1/4 cup), drop dough onto parchment-lined baking sheets, spacing cookies 3 inches apart. Place 3 almonds close together on top of each cookie. Bake until golden brown, about 14 minutes. Let cool completely on sheets on wire racks.
Whisk together confectioners' sugar and milk, and brush over cooled cookies. Let stand until set. Cookies can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3 days.


4 c. all-purpose flour
1¼ tsp. Coarse salt
2 c. unsalted butter
6 oz. cream cheese (not whipped)
1¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
2½ c. walnut halves (1 1/2 cups toasted and coarsely chopped, 1 cup finely chopped)
Whisk together flour and salt in a large bowl; set aside. Put butter and cream cheese in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Mix in sugar and vanilla. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture, and mix until just combined (do not overmix). Mix in toasted walnuts.
Transfer dough to a work surface. Divide in half; shape each half into an 8 1/2-inch long log about 2 inches in diameter. Wrap each log in parchment paper; freeze until firm, about 30 minutes or up to 2 weeks.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees with racks in upper and lower thirds. Unwrap 1 log, and roll in 1/2 cup chopped walnuts, coating completely. Cut into 1/4-inch-thick rounds. Space 1 inch apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper.
Bake cookies, rotating halfway through, until golden around edges, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool on sheets on wire racks. Repeat with remaining log and remaining 1/2 cup chopped walnuts. Cookies can be stored in airtight containers at room temperature up to 3 days.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
3 large egg yolks
1¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. grated lemon zest
1 c. pine nuts or slivered almonds
1 large egg white
Heat oven to 350°F. Line several baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolks, vanilla and lemon zest, and beat to combine. With the mixer on low, gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated.
Place the pine nuts or almonds in a small bowl and the egg white in a second small bowl. Roll the dough into 1-in. balls (about 1 Tbsp each). Dip the top and sides of each ball first in the egg white, then into the nuts, pressing gently to help them adhere.
Place the cookies nut-side up on the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 2 in. apart. Bake until the nuts are golden brown and the cookies are lightly golden around the edges, 16 to 18 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the sheets for 5 minutes before transferring them to a wire rack to cool completely.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. each baking powder, baking soda
¼ tsp. ground cloves
¾ c. raisins
1 large egg
¾ c. molasses
¾ c. shortening
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
4 tsp. to 6 tsp milk
Heat oven to 375ºF. Line baking sheet(s) with nonstick foil.
In a medium bowl, mix flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, salt and cloves; whisk to blend. Stir in raisins.
In a large bowl, beat egg, molasses and shortening with mixer until blended. On low speed, beat in flour mixture until blended.
Drop by level Tbsps onto prepared baking sheet(s). Bake 10 to 12 minutes until set, puffed and slightly golden around edges. Remove cookies to wire rack to cool completely.
Whisk ingredients in a small bowl until smooth. Spoon over cookies.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. kosher salt
1 c. unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. almond extract
1 c. raspberry jam or seedless raspberry preserves
Heat oven to 350°F. Line several baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the egg and almond extract, and beat to combine. With the mixer on low, gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated.
With floured hands, divide the dough into 8 portions (about 1⁄3 cup each) and roll into 3⁄4-in.-thick logs (each about 10 in. long); transfer to baking sheets, spacing them 2 in. apart. Using the handle of a long wooden spoon, make an indent down the length of each log and fill with the jam (about 1 Tbsp per log).
Bake until the logs are set and lightly browned around the edges, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer the logs to a cutting board and let cool for 10 minutes. Using a sharp knife, cut logs diagonally into 1-in.-thick cookies.


1 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1½ tbsp. cornstarch
¼ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. orange extract
2 tsp. grated orange zest
1 tsp. grated lemon zest
1 piece dried mango
Heat oven to 350°F. Line several baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornstarch, baking soda and salt.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the egg, vanilla and orange extracts, and orange and lemon zests; beat to combine. With the mixer on low, gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated.
Drop level teaspoons of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 2 in. apart. Gently press 2 mango slivers, if using, across the top of each mound of dough to create an X.
Bake until the wafers are golden brown around the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the sheets for 5 minutes before transferring them to a wire rack to cool completely.


½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
2½ c. plus 1 1/2 Tbsp all-purpose flour
1 c. unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
1 large egg
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ c. semisweet chocolate chips
1 large egg white
In a medium bowl, whisk together the baking powder, salt and 2 1⁄2 cups of the flour.
Using an electric mixer, beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the egg and vanilla, and beat to combine. With the mixer on low, gradually add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated.
Transfer half the dough (about 1 1⁄2 cups) to a bowl; set aside. Add the chocolate and remaining 1 1⁄2 Tbsp flour to remaining dough and mix to combine. Between 2 sheets of wax paper (you'll need 4 total), roll each portion of dough (chocolate and vanilla) into a 1⁄2-in.-thick, 11 x 4-in. rectangle. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Remove top sheets of wax paper from dough and brush top of vanilla rectangle with egg white. Place the chocolate rectangle on top; press gently to help it adhere. Cut 1⁄2-in.-thick strips of the dough. Working with 2 strips of dough at a time (a strip is comprised of the vanilla adhered to the chocolate, so you need 2 of those), brush the cut side of one with egg white and gently press it onto the other, alternating the vanilla and chocolate doughs to form a checkerboard-patterned log. Wrap in plastic wrap.
Heat oven to 350°F. Line several baking sheets with parchment paper. Cut the logs into 1⁄8-in.-thick slices and transfer to the prepared baking sheets, spacing them 1 in. apart. Bake until just set and golden around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Immediately transfer cookies to a wire rack to cool completely.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. packed light brown sugar
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
⅓ c. heavy cream
24  oval Belgian butter waffle cookies
Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the brown sugar and cinnamon and cook, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Bring mixture to a boil and stir in the cream. Boil for 2 minutes (the mixture will bubble up into an even light-colored foam).
Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Refrigerate until it's slightly cooled and spreadable, about 30 minutes.
Spread half of the cookies with 2 tsp each of the cooled caramel; sandwich with another cookie.
Trace a cookie onto a piece of cardboard, cut out, wrap in foil and place at the bottom of a cellophane bag ($3.95 for 12 medium bags).
Stack cookies on top; tie bag closed with a ribbon. To make a gift tag, cut a 2-in. circle from white paper and a 1 3⁄4-in. circle from red paper. Glue red circle over white, punch a hole, slide one end of the ribbon through the hole and knot.


16 tbsp. butter
1½ c. sugar
1 tbsp. lemon zest
8  eggs
1½ c. all-purpose flour
.13 tsp. salt
1½ tsp. baking powder
1½ c. cranberries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a loaf pan with cooking spray. In a standing mixer on medium-high speed, cream together butter and sugar. Add lemon zest, then eggs; slowly add dry ingredients. Carefully fold in cranberries.
Pour batter into pan and bake 10 minutes. Cover with foil and reduce heat to 325 degrees F. Bake until set, about 1 hour and 10 minutes more. Cake is done when a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove and place on cooling rack.


1½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. lemon juice
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. fresh cranberries
¼ c. cognac
1  semisweet or bittersweet chocolate bar
Combine 2 cups water, sugar, lemon juice, and salt in a pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until sugar dissolves. Bring back to a boil, then lower to a simmer right before proceeding.
Wash cranberries in cold water; gently add to simmering liquid and steep for 1 minute. Strain berries and discard liquid.
After cranberries have cooled a few minutes, combine with cognac in an airtight container. Marinate in refrigerator from 2 hours to overnight.
When ready to dip, put chocolate in a bowl and place it above a pot filled with about 1 inch of water to make a double boiler. Make sure bowl doesn't touch water. Bring water to a simmer over medium-high heat and melt chocolate, stirring occasionally, until smooth and shiny.
Meanwhile, line a tray with parchment paper. Strain cranberries and let dry slightly, reserving infused cognac for another use, like topping ice cream or yogurt. When chocolate is completely melted, remove bowl from pot and drop berries into chocolate, one at a time. Lift out semicoated berries with a fork, shaking off any excess, and place cranberries on prepared tray. Refrigerate or freeze until chocolate is set, about 1 hour. Coated berries will last, refrigerated, about 2 weeks. Serve as an accompaniment to dessert or coffee.


all-purpose flour
1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. confectioners' sugar
3 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
3 tbsp. almond flour (see Note)
½ tsp. salt
1 large egg
¾ c. heavy cream
½ c. whole milk
12 oz. bittersweet chocolate
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
1 tsp. unflavored powdered gelatin
2 tbsp. whole milk
⅓ c. heavy cream
¼ c. sugar
3 tbsp. Unsweetened cocoa powder
2 oz. milk chocolate
Sweetened whipped cream, for serving
Make the Tart Shell:
Peel off the top sheet of plastic and invert the dough onto a 10-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Remove the remaining sheet of plastic and gently press the dough into the pan. Trim the dough flush with the rim. Freeze until firm, 10 minutes.
Line the tart shell with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or beans. Bake in the center of the oven for 30 minutes, until the tart shell is nearly cooked through. Remove the parchment and weights and bake until the shell is cooked through, about 20 minutes longer. Transfer to a rack and let cool. Lower the oven temperature to 250 degrees F.
Make the Filling
Make the Glaze


7½ oz. white chocolate
¼ c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
¾ c. smooth peanut butter
1 tsp. kosher salt
1½ lb. bittersweet chocolate
50  sturdy foil cups
.67 c. seedless raspberry jam
Maldon salt
Make the Filling:
Make the Chocolate Cups:
Half-fill the cups with the peanut butter. Spoon a rounded 1/2 teaspoon of jam over the filling. Pipe chocolate on top of the jam; tap gently to level the chocolate. Top with a few flakes of Maldon salt. Let stand until set, about 15 minutes. Store for up to 1 week.


6 large egg yolks
¾ c. granulated sugar
5 large egg whites
.13 tsp. kosher salt
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ c. water
¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. kirsch
1 tsp. unflavored gelatin
1 tbsp. cold water
⅓ c. whole milk
½  vanilla bean
1 tbsp. granulated sugar
½ c. heavy cream
1 c. pitted brandied cherries
1 c. heavy cream
1½ tsp. confectioners' sugar
Unsweetened cocoa powder, for sifting
Make the Cake:
Thoroughly wash and dry the mixer bowl and whisk. Add the egg whites and salt to the bowl and beat at moderately high speed until soft peaks form. Gradually add the remaining 6 tablespoons of sugar and continue beating until the whites are stiff and glossy.
Using a rubber spatula, stir one-fourth of the beaten whites into the yolk mixture, then fold in the remaining whites until no streaks remain. Working in 2 batches, sift the cocoa over the batter and fold gently until fully incorporated. Spread the batter on the prepared baking sheet in an even layer. Bake for 18 to 20 minutes, until the cake feels springy and dry; rotate the pan halfway through baking. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.
Make the Syrup:
Make the Filling:
When the milk comes to a simmer, discard the vanilla bean. Slowly whisk the milk into the yolk mixture until thoroughly blended. Transfer the mixture to the saucepan and cook over moderately low heat, stirring constantly, until the custard is thick enough to coat the back of the spoon, about 1 to 2 minutes. Strain the custard into a medium bowl.
Melt the gelatin in the microwave for 15 seconds; stir it into the custard and let cool. Meanwhile, whip the heavy cream until firm. Stir one-fourth of the whipped cream into the custard until incorporated, then fold in the remaining whipped cream.
Assemble the Cake:
Using an offset spatula, spread the filling evenly on the cake. Scatter the cherries over the filling. Use the parchment to carefully roll the cake to form a 13-inch-long log with the seam on the bottom. Fold the parchment over the log so the ends meet. Using a ruler, squeeze the cake in the parchment to tighten the roll. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
Make the Topping:


2  Bosc pears
⅓ c. sugar
1½ tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¾ c. fresh or frozen cranberries
1 pinch ground cloves
1 pinch cinnamon
1 pinch salt
1 package cold all-butter puff pastry
1  egg
Whipped cream or vanilla ice cream
In a medium bowl, toss diced pears with 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon flour, cranberries, ground cloves, cinnamon, and salt.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the puff pastry to a 14 1/2-inch square, about 1/8-inch thick. Using a sharp knife, cut the pastry into 8 squares. Spoon the pear filling onto a corner of each square, leaving a 1/2-inch border. Fold the pastry over the filling to make a triangle and firmly press the edges to seal. Crimp the edges with a fork. Prick the top of each triangle once with the fork to allow steam to escape during baking. Transfer the hand pies to a baking sheet and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, until chilled.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Brush the chilled hand pies with the beaten egg and sprinkle them with the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons of sugar. Bake the pies for about 30 minutes, until they are golden brown. Let the hand pies cool for at least 5 minutes. Serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream.


1 stick unsalted butter
¾ c. sugar
2 large eggs
1  vanilla bean
1 tbsp. dark rum
2½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
½ tsp. cinnamon
1½ c. raw pistachios
chopped pistachios
1 large egg white
Melted bittersweet chocolate
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. In a standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter with the sugar at medium speed until creamy. Add the eggs, vanilla seeds, and rum, and beat until smooth. In a small bowl, whisk the flour with the cocoa powder, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon. Add the dry ingredients to the batter and beat at low speed until incorporated. Beat in the whole pistachios.
Divide the dough into 4 pieces. On a lightly floured surface, roll each piece into a 1 1/4-inch-thick log. Arrange 2 logs on each baking sheet about 3 inches apart and press to flatten slightly. Brush the logs with the egg white.
Bake the logs for about 25 minutes, until the tops are cracked and glossy and slightly firm to the touch. Let the logs cool slightly.
Using a sharp chef's knife, cut the logs into 1/3-inch-thick diagonal slices. Arrange the slices on the baking sheets; bake for about 20 minutes, until dry. Let cool completely. Partially dip the biscotti in the melted chocolate and sprinkle lightly with chopped pistachios. Refrigerate until the chocolate is set.




2½ c. unbleached all-purpose flour
1 tsp. kosher salt
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
8 tbsp. unsalted butter
6 tbsp. lard or shortening
½ c. ice water
Combine flour, salt, and sugar on a work surface or in a large bowl. Use a pastry blender or your fingers to work in butter and lard until the mixture forms coarse crumbs. Using a fork, stir in the water until the mixture mostly pulls together. Use hands to pat dough into a disc, wrap with plastic and refrigerate at least 1 hour before rolling.
Gently roll out dough and press into a 9-inch pie pan. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes at 350 degrees F, removing from oven before the crust turns golden brown. Allow to cool before adding pie filling.


1  pumpkin (or half of a 5 pound pumpkin)
1 lb. sweet potatoes
½ c. heavy cream
¼ c. whole milk
3  eggs
2  egg yolks
2 c. light brown sugar
¾ c. Steen's cane syrup
½ tbsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. ground ginger
1 tsp. kosher salt
1 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. ground white pepper
2  recipes
¼ c. cinnamon sugar
¼ c. raw sugar
Sweetened whipped cream (optional)
Quarter pumpkin and scoop out seeds. Roast pumpkin and sweet potatoes in a 350-degree F oven for 45 minutes to an hour, or until sweet potatoes are soft in the center. After cooling, peel off and discard the pumpkin skin and puree meat in a blender or food processor. Peel the sweet potatoes and puree as well. Combine pumpkin and sweet potato purees with the heavy cream and milk.
In a separate bowl, combine eggs, egg yolks, brown sugar, cane syrup, cinnamon, ginger, salt, nutmeg, and white pepper.
Blend pumpkin and spice mixtures and divide between two 9-inch pie crusts. Sprinkle tops of pies liberally with cinnamon sugar and raw sugar.
Bake at 325 degrees F for 45 to 55 minutes, or until pumpkin filling is set. Allow to cool for 1 to 2 hours and serve at room temperature or slightly chilled, with sweetened whipped cream if desired.


8 oz. butter
16 oz. all purpose flour
2 oz. granulated sugar
2  egg whites
1  egg yolk
Place 2 1/2 ounces of butter, the flour and the sugar in the bowl of a food processor fitted with
the metal blade. Pulse to combine until the mixture resembles coarse cornmeal, about 10 to 12
pulses.
In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites to soft peaks. Add the egg whites and the egg yolk to
the food processor and pulse to combine.
Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and pat into a rectangle about 8 by 12 inches.
Spread the remaining butter over the top two-thirds of the rectangle. Fold the bottom third of
the dough (the unbuttered part) up like a business letter, and then fold the top third (with
butter) down. Rotate the dough 90 degrees and, with a rolling pin, roll the dough into a rectangle
about 10 by 14 inches. Repeat the “business letter” folding of the dough (with adding any
additional butter). Wrap the dough in plastic and chill for 30 minutes.
Remove the dough from the refrigerator and roll it into a rectangle about 10 by 14 inches.
Fold once more business letter style and cut the dough in half.


2 c. pecans
3 tbsp. light brown sugar
.13 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
1 pinch salt
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
1 c. pure grade B maple syrup
2 large egg whites
1 pinch cream of tartar
1 pinch salt
1½ c. chilled heavy cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
8 oz. fresh cranberries
1¼ c. sugar
¾ c. water
Make the Crust:
In a food processor, pulse the pecans, sugar, nutmeg, and salt until the nuts are finely chopped. Add the butter and pulse to incorporate. Press the crumbs into a 9-inch springform pan in an even layer. Refrigerate until firm.
Make the Mousse:
In a standing electric mixer fitted with the whisk, beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar and salt until firm peaks form. With the mixer at medium speed, drizzle the hot syrup onto the whites and beat until incorporated. Increase the speed to high and beat the meringue until cooled to room temperature, about 5 minutes.
In a large bowl, beat the heavy cream with the vanilla until soft peaks form. Fold the meringue into the whipped cream until blended. Scrape the mousse into the crust and spread evenly. Freeze until firm, at least 8 hours but preferably overnight. (The mousse will not freeze solid like ice cream.)
Make the Candied Cranberries:
Remove the ring from the springform pan. Cut the mousse pie into wedges and transfer to plates. Spoon the candied cranberries over the pie and serve.


1 c. Pecan halves
11 whole graham crackers
4 tsp. minced fresh ginger
2 tbsp. dark brown sugar
½ tsp. kosher salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
4  sweet potatoes
½ c. dark brown sugar
3 large eggs
2 tbsp. bourbon
½ c. heavy cream
1 c. granulated sugar
⅓ c. water
3 large egg whites
1 pinch salt
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Make the Crust:
In a food processor, combine the pecans, graham crackers, ginger, brown sugar, salt, and cinnamon; pulse until crumbs form. Add the butter and process until incorporated. Press the crumbs evenly into a 9- or 10-inch pie plate. Bake the crust for about 25 minutes, until lightly browned and fragrant. Using a rubber spatula, press down the crust and let cool completely. Wipe out the processor.
Make the Filling and Topping:
Transfer the sweet potato to the food processor and puree until smooth. Add the brown sugar, eggs, and bourbon and process until blended. Add the heavy cream and process until incorporated. Pour the filling into the crust and bake for about 50 minutes, until set and the top looks dry; cover the crust edges with foil if they darken. Let the pie cool completely. Preheat the broiler.
In a small saucepan, combine the granulated sugar and water and bring to a boil. Cook over high heat without stirring until a candy thermometer inserted in the syrup registers 240 degrees F, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the whisk, beat the egg whites with the salt until soft peaks form. With the machine on, carefully drizzle in the hot syrup and beat at high speed until the whites are stiff, glossy, and warm to the touch, about 5 minutes. Beat in the vanilla.
Mound the meringue over the sweet potato filling, swirling it decoratively. Broil the pie 4- to 6-inches from the heat for about 30 seconds, until the meringue is lightly browned. Cut the pie into wedges and serve.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. sugar
½ c. sugar
kosher salt
1½ stick unsalted butter
½ c. ice water
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
4  Arkansas Black or Granny Smith apples
1 tsp. lemon juice
1 large egg white
2 tbsp. turbinado sugar
In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle, combine the flour with 1 teaspoon of the sugar and 1/2 teaspoon of salt. Add the butter and mix at low speed until it is the size of small peas, 30 seconds. With the machine on, gradually add 1/4 cup of the ice water. Add as much of the remaining ice water as needed, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough is just evenly moistened (it shouldn't mass on the paddle). Turn the dough out onto a work surface and knead 2 or 3 times, just until it comes together. Pat the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic, and chill for 1 hour or overnight.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a large cookie sheet with parchment paper. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough to a 17-inch round, then trim it to a neat 16-inch round. Transfer the dough to the cookie sheet.
In a medium bowl, combine the remaining 1/2 cup of sugar with the lemon zest and a pinch of salt. Add the apples and lemon juice and toss well. Arrange the apples on the dough in 2 concentric circles, leaving a 3-inch border all around. Fold the edge of the dough up and over the apples, overlapping the dough on itself as needed. Brush the rim with the egg white and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar.
Bake the pie in the center of the oven until the crust is golden and firm and the apples are tender, about 55 minutes. Transfer the cookie sheet to a rack to cool. Slide the pie onto a plate, cut into wedges and serve.


½  batch of
½ lb. sweet potatoes
4 oz. butter
¾ c. sugar
2  eggs
Grated zest of one lemon
.13 tsp. ground nutmeg
1 oz. brandy
1 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. candied citron or lemon rind (optional)
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough into an 11 inch circle between 1/8 and 1/4 inch
thick and line an 8 inch pie dish or tart shell, fluting the edge in a decorative fashion. Dock the
bottom of the shell lightly, line the pan with parchment, fill with pie weights and bake for 18
minutes. Remove the pie weights and parchment and continue to bake for another 8 minutes.
Let cool on a rack. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.
Meanwhile, peel and coarsely chop the sweet potatoes. Boil the sweet potatoes until tender and run them through the fine blade on a food mill.
Put the puréed sweet potatoes in the bowl of a mixer with the whip attachment. Whip lightly on low speed to cool and add the butter, whipping to incorporate. Add the sugar in a steady stream. Add the eggs, lemon zest, nutmeg and brandy and whip to incorporate thoroughly.
Scrape the sweet potato filling into the partially baked pie shell. Sprinkle the top with the 1 tablespoon additional sugar and finely chopped candied citron, if desired, and bake for 35 to 45 minutes, or until just set.


½ tsp. dried chili powder
½ tsp. allspice
1 c. cocoa powder
2 c. hot water
½ c. honey
Mix the chili powder and allspice with the cocoa. Slowly add the 2 cups hot water to make a smooth liquid. Let the liquid infuse for 30 minutes. Transfer to a blender with the honey and process to create a frothy drink, adding water to obtain your desired consistency. Adjust the sweetness with additional honey, if desired. The drink should be somewhat bitter and refreshing.


1½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
1 large egg
2 tsp. vanilla extract
4½ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
In a bowl, with mixer on medium, beat butter and sugar until fluffy; beat in egg and vanilla extract. On low, beat in flour and salt.
Divide dough in half; shape each half into a 1/2-inch-thick disc. Wrap in plastic wrap; chill until firm, about 30 minutes.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. On floured surface, roll dough 1/8 inch thick; cut into bag and shoe shapes. Transfer to ungreased baking sheets. Bake 10 minutes until lightly golden around the edges. Have fun decorating!


1 box confectioners' sugar
3 tbsp. powdered egg whites (like Just Whites)
6 tbsp. warm water
In a large bowl of a mixer, beat confectioners' sugar, egg whites, and water on high speed until thick and smooth, 5 to 7 minutes.
Cover with plastic wrap to prevent drying. Finished icing can be tinted any color and thinned with a bit of water to decorate cookies.


½ c. unsalted butter
.67 c. confectioners' sugar
1 large egg
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. cinnamon extract
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1½ c. all-purpose flour
Red paste or gel food color
Coarse white decorating sugar (optional)
In a bowl, with a mixer on medium speed, beat butter, sugar, egg, cinnamon, cinnamon extract, and salt until creamy and smooth. On low speed, beat in flour until blended.
Divide dough in half and put in 2 bowls. Stir red food coloring into one portion of dough until it's tinted bright red. Refrigerate bowls of dough 30 minutes to firm up.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line cookie sheets with parchment or nonstick liners. Roll rounded teaspoons of red and white dough into balls. For each cane, roll a red ball and a white ball on a floured surface to make two 6-inch ropes. Lay ropes side by side, overlap end of 1 rope on the other, and gently roll both ropes away from you, letting them twist together. Lift to baking sheet; curve one end to make cane shape. Make 7 more canes, spacing them 2 inches apart on baking sheet. Sprinkle with decorating sugar, if desired.
Bake 12 to 14 minutes, until firm to the touch and bottom edges are beginning to lightly color. Repeat with remaining dough.


1 c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
2 large egg yolks
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
½ tsp. kosher salt
2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 c.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment or nonstick liners. Beat butter and sugar in a large bowl with mixer until well blended. Beat in yolks, lemon zest, lemon juice, and salt. With mixer on low, beat in flour just until moist clumps form. Gather dough together in bowl to bind.
Shape scant tablespoons of dough into 1-inch balls. Place balls on prepared sheets, spacing them 1 inch apart. Using a floured finger, make a deep indentation in center of each ball. Bake cookies until firm and lightly golden on bottom, about 18 to 20 minutes.
Remove cookies from oven and immediately fill indentations with curd. Return to oven and bake 2 minutes longer to set curd.
Bake remaining cookies. Lightly dust edges with confectioners' sugar before serving.


⅓ c. salted cocktail peanuts
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. unsalted butter
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. creamy peanut butter
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. creamy peanut butter
½ c. raspberry jam
confectioners' sugar
Make the dough:
Line two baking sheets with parchment or nonstick liners. Roll each dough disc between sheets of lightly floured waxed paper to a 3/8-inch thickness. Slide dough and paper onto baking sheets; refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes.
Heat oven to 300 degrees F. From one dough disc, peel off top sheet of waxed paper, then put it back; turn dough over and remove bottom sheet completely. Using a floured 3-inch snowflake cookie cutter, cut out snowflakes; transfer with a spatula to baking sheet, spacing them 2 inches apart. (Gather dough scraps and chill.) Bake 15 minutes or until pale golden at edges.
Repeat with remaining dough. Using a floured 1-inch snowflake cutter, cut out centers of cookies. (Add centers to dough scraps.) Bake 14 minutes. Roll, cut, and bake dough scraps for a total of 20 whole snowflake cookies and 20 cut-out snowflakes.
Make the filling:


½ c. unsalted butter
¼ c. packed light-brown sugar
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg yolk
¼ tsp. kosher salt
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
½ c. unsalted butter
¼ c. dark or light corn syrup
½ c. heavy cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
3 c. raw cashews
Crust:
Filling:
Lift foil edges to transfer bars to a cutting board. Cut into 36 bars.


1 c. pine nuts
1¾ c. confectioners' sugar
1 c. cold unsalted butter
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. almond extract
½ tsp. kosher salt
2 c. all-purpose flour
1½ c. semisweet chocolate chips
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Place pine nuts on a cookie sheet; bake 5 to 7 minutes, stirring once or twice, until lightly toasted and fragrant; cool. Line baking sheets with parchment or nonstick liners.
Finely grind pine nuts with 3/4 cup of the sugar in a food processor (but not so finely that it turns powdery). Add butter, extracts, and salt; pulse until blended and crumbly. Add flour; process until dough clumps together.
With lightly floured fingers on a smooth surface, roll a teaspoon of dough into a 3-1/2-inch rope; place on prepared sheet and shape into a crescent. Repeat with remaining dough, spacing crescents 1 inch apart. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until tops are dry and set and bottoms are light golden. Cool completely.
To decorate:




1 c. unsalted butter
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed brown sugar
1 large egg
1½ tbsp. grated lime zest
¼ c. lime juice
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 c. yellow cornmeal
2 c. confectioners' sugar
3½ tbsp. lime juice
1 drop green liquid food coloring
1 drop yellow liquid food coloring
White candy snowflakes
nonpareils
Make the cookies:
On lightly floured waxed paper, using lightly floured hands, shape dough into a 13-inch-long log. Chill dough 30 minutes. Remove and square off log until it has four flat sides. Wrap log in the waxed paper and freeze for 1 hour or until firm enough to slice.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment. Cut log into 3/8-inch-thick slices. Place them 1 inch apart on prepared sheets.
Bake 11 minutes or until cookies begin to brown lightly. Cool completely.
Make the glaze:


1½ c. all-purpose flour
.67 c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. kosher salt
½ c. unsalted butter
¾ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
3 large eggs
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ c. confectioners' sugar
Whisk flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl until blended.
In another bowl, beat butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar with mixer until just blended, about 1 minute. Beat in eggs one at a time, then vanilla. With mixer on low, beat in flour mixture until just incorporated (dough should be very sticky). Chill dough 30 minutes.
Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Line several cookie sheets with parchment or nonstick liners. Sift confectioners' sugar onto a large plate. Put about 8 heaping teaspoons of dough onto the plate. Roll each clump in sugar to lightly coat, then shape into a ball; re-roll balls in sugar until heavily coated. Repeat with remaining dough. Place balls 2 inches apart on prepared cookie sheets.
Bake one sheet at a time for 11 minutes or until tops are cracked and cookies are just set around edges but still soft in the middle.



2 c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. poppy seeds
Zest of 2 oranges
2 tbsp. fresh orange juice
1 c. confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine
Bake until a skewer tests clean when inserted into the center, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove loaves from pans and let cool on a wire rack. In a small bowl, mix juice and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Spoon evenly over tops of loaves.



.67 c. chopped pecans
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
4 tbsp. dark Karo syrup
½ tsp. vanilla extract
.13 tsp. salt
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread
Bake for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine remaining ingredients. Remove tart from oven and spread pecan mixture over top. Continue baking until a skewer inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, about 15 minutes more. Let cool before releasing tart from pan.


3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. baking powder
2 tsp. salt
4 large eggs
1 c. whole milk
6 tbsp. unsalted butter
In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder, and salt.
In a medium bowl, lightly beat together eggs and milk.
Pour milk mixture and melted butter into dry ingredients and stir until just combined.



Silver dragées
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Load
Bake until cookies are firm and lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Let cookies cool on pan for 2 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.


3  very ripe bananas
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
6 oz. chopped white chocolate
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. ground nutmeg

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, beat bananas, sugar, chocolate, vanilla, and nutmeg. Stir mixture into
Bake until a skewer tests clean when inserted into the center, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove cakes from pan and let cool on a wire rack. Repeat to make second batch.



1 c. Chopped peanuts
2 tbsp. Chopped peanuts
30  caramels
⅓ c. semisweet chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line two 8-inch square baking pans with parchment and set aside. Mix
Bake for 20 minutes, then remove pans from oven and sprinkle caramels over top. Continue baking until a skewer inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, about 10 minutes more. Let cool. Drizzle with chocolate and remaining peanuts. Chill until chocolate sets, 10 minutes. Remove brownies from pans. Using a sharp knife, slice into 5 strips, then cut strips in half.


1 stick unsalted butter
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
2 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
2½ c. all-purpose flour
In a large bowl, beat together butter and confectioners' sugar using an electric mixer set on medium-high speed.
Add eggs, vanilla, and salt, and beat until combined. Reduce mixer speed to low, add flour, and mix until dough is smooth.



4 oz. Peppermint Patties
¼ c. semisweet chocolate chips
3  candy canes
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Combine
Bake until a skewer inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, 25 to 28 minutes. Let cool for 30 minutes. Remove from pan; ice tops with chocolate and sprinkle with candy canes.



¾ c. dried cranberries
¾ c. chopped pistachios
6 oz. chopped milk chocolate
Mix
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice logs into 1/4-inch-thick cookies and bake on parchment-lined baking sheets until firm and lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.



1 c. chopped walnuts
1 c. mini marshmallows
½ c. dark chocolate chips
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line an 8-inch square baking pan with parchment and set aside. Stir 3/4 cup walnuts into
Bake until a skewer inserted into the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, 45 to 50 minutes. Top with marshmallows and let cool. Remove brownies from pan. Top with remaining 1/4 cup walnuts and drizzle with melted chocolate. Let cool on a wire rack. Using a sharp knife, cut into 12 squares.



red food coloring
Coarse white sanding sugar
Divide
Roll each half into a 1 1/4-inch-thick rope. Lay both pieces side by side on cutting board and cross red over white, then white over red until one larger, twisted log is formed. Gently knead to smooth out twist and incorporate colors for a marbled effect. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and chill until firm, about 4 hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roll dough in sanding sugar. Slice into 1/4-inch-thick cookies. Bake on parchment-lined baking sheets until firm and lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.



.67 c. semisweet or milk chocolate chips
¼ c. heavy cream
.67 c. confectioners' sugar
Divide
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roll dough to 1/4-inch thickness and cut out star shapes using a 3-inch cutter. Bake cookies on parchment-paper-lined baking sheets until firm and lightly browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool.
To make filling:



¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
1 large Granny Smith apple
¾ c. pitted chopped dried plums
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¾ c. granola
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine
For crumble topping:
Bake until a skewer tests clean when inserted into the center, about 1 hour. Remove loaf from pan and let cool on a wire rack.


30  gummy peach rings
6  pretzel rods
9  grape fruit rolls
cornstarch
6  bite-size banana or lime Tootsie Fruit Rolls or taffy
Colored decorating sugar
Stretch 5 gummy rings, one at a time, onto one end of a pretzel rod, keeping rings close together, so that the pretzel will stand up straight. Repeat with remaining gummy rings and pretzels.
Unroll 3 fruit rolls into flat circles, leaving them attached to the plastic backing. With a pizza wheel, cut each circle in half. For each broom, peel half of the fruit circle off backing; line up the straight edge with bottom of peach ring stack and wrap around stack and pretzel, gently pressing fruit roll to adhere. This is the broom base to which broom bristles will be attached.
Working with one broom at a time, unroll another fruit roll into a flat circle; remove from its backing. Lightly rub both sides of the fruit roll with cornstarch. Using the pizza wheel, cut a 4 x 6-in. rectangle out of the circle. With a long side facing you, cut several parallel narrow strips in the rectangle, to within 1⁄2 in. of the opposite long side (like making a grass skirt). Wrap the row of broom bristles around the broom base, pressing gently to adhere.
With rolling pin, flatten and roll out Tootsie Rolls until very thin. Cut out 3-in. long x 1⁄4-in.-wide bands; wrap around top of broom base, cutting to fit.
To serve: Put colored decorating sugar on a large platter. Using a dry pastry brush, sweep sugar in decorative swirls on platter to create broom tracks. Stand brooms in tracks.


1 package soft-baked sugar cookies (8 cookies)
½ can lemon frosting
Yellow and black gel food color
½ can dark chocolate frosting
Jumbo orange nonpareil candies
Using a 2 1⁄2-in. round cookie cutter, cut out a crescent moon from each cookie. From the remaining cookie scraps, using a 2-in. bat cookie cutter, cut out 8 bats. Place moon cookies and bat cookies on separate wire racks set over wax paper.
Spoon lemon frosting into a microwave-safe bowl; tint a shade or two deeper with yellow food color. Microwave on high 10 to 15 seconds, stirring once, until a pourable glaze consistency. Pour glaze over moon cookies to cover, letting excess frosting drip onto wax paper; let set at room temperature until dry (or refrigerate to speed up the process).
Spoon chocolate frosting into a microwave-safe bowl; tint black with the black food color. Microwave on high 10 to 15 seconds, stirring once, until a pourable glaze consistency. Pour glaze over bat cookies to cover, letting excess frosting drip onto wax paper. While frosting is still wet, add nonpareil eyes; let set at room temperature until dry (or refrigerate to speed up the process).
Spread undersides of bat cookies with a dab of the remaining lemon frosting, and attach to moon cookies.


3 lb. apple, such as Golden Delicious, Gala, Winesap, or Mutsu
½ c. maple syrup
⅓ c. cranberries
1 tbsp. arrowroot powder or cornstarch
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
1½ c. unbleached flour
¾ c. sliced almonds
½ c. natural brown sugar
½ tsp. baking powder
1 pinch salt
8 tbsp. melted unsalted butter or vegetable oil
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, add the apples, maple syrup, cranberries, arrowroot, lemon zest, and cinnamon, and toss well. Transfer to one or two pie dishes.
To make the topping:
Bake for 30 minutes at 375 degrees F, then remove the foil and bake another 20 to 30 minutes at 350 degrees F until the apples are bubbling and the topping is nicely browned. Remove the crumble from the oven and allow it to cool for 20 minutes before slicing.


1 lb. blueberries
1 tsp. lemon juice
1¼ c. sugar
1 c. White flour
¾ c. whole wheat flour
.24 c. oat flour
¼ tsp. salt
2 tsp. baking powder
2  eggs
1 c. plain yogurt
½ tsp. vanilla
5 tbsp. unsalted butter
Make sure all of your ingredients are at room temperature. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9-inch round pan, or line it with parchment paper.
Heat the berries, lemon juice, and 1/4 cup sugar in a saucepan over medium-low heat until berries burst and thicken slightly. Remove from the heat, place in a blender, and puree. Set aside.
In a large bowl, sift together the flours, salt, and baking powder.
Cream the eggs with 1 cup sugar until light, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the yogurt until combined, then whisk in the vanilla and butter and combine well. Whisk the flour mixture into the wet ingredients to make a smooth batter.
Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 30 minutes or until a tester comes out clean. Cool in the pan on a wire rack.


.67 c. apple juice
1 tbsp. brandy (optional)
1 tsp. maple syrup
4  fresh figs
4  apricots
8  cherries
2 tbsp. orange juice
Heat the apple juice in a Dutch oven with the brandy (if using) and the maple syrup. Add the figs, apricots, and cherries.
Bring to a boil, cover, and gently simmer for 5 minutes. Lift out the fruit with a slotted spoon and place in a salad bowl.
Bring the juice back to a boil and reduce to a thick syrup.
Pour the syrup over the fruit, add the fresh orange juice, and serve with vanilla ice cream, custard, crème fraîche, or soy cream.


8 oz. bittersweet chocolate (such as Hershey’s)
1 can thin chow mein noodles (we used La Choy)
½ c. vanilla frosting
18  green jelly beans
18 small purple or blue sugar ball candies or jumbo nonpareils
Line a large baking sheet with nonstick foil.
Place chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl and melt on high in microwave 1 to 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Scrape chocolate into a large bowl; add noodles and gently toss with a rubber spatula until all the noodles are evenly covered in chocolate.
Drop heaping 1⁄4-cupfuls of noodle mixture into 9 haystacks on prepared cookie sheet. Let dry 1 hour at room temperature (or speed it up by refrigerating them 30 minutes until hard).
Put frosting into a small ziptop bag; snip off a tiny corner of the bag and pipe 2 dabs onto each creature and attach 2 jelly bean eyes. Pipe a dot in center of each eye and attach a candy ball in center. Let dry 1⁄2 hour.


2 c. hazelnuts
3 c. pecans
1 tbsp. orange zest
1 tsp. cinnamon
1¼ c. maple syrup or honey
¼ c. orange juice
12  sheets filo dough
½ c. coconut oil
½ c. pistachios
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Put the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and put into the oven for about 10 minutes to roast them. Put the hazelnuts, 3 cups of the pecans, orange zest and cinnamon in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped — you want to do this until they are chopped up small, not like a powder. Transfer the nut mixture to a bowl. (If you don't have a food processor, you can finely chop them by hand.)
Lightly oil a large baking tray or cookie sheet and cover with parchment paper. Lay 4 sheets of filo dough on the tray, brushing each one with coconut oil. Spread 1/3 of the nut mixture on top of the filo dough and drizzle with 1/3 cup syrup or honey top with another four sheets of dough, oiling each one. Top with 1/3 of the mixture and repeat, ending with dough on top. Brush the top liberally with oil, and slice into 2-inch squares or into triangles.
Bake for about 30 minutes.
Finely chop the 1/2 cup pistachios and whisk together the remaining 1/4 cup syrup and 1/4 cup orange juice. Drizzle the syrup and juice over the top of baklava and sprinkle with the chopped pistachios. Bake for a further 10 minutes.
Variatons:


unsalted butter
6 tbsp. dark-brown sugar
1 c. raisins
⅓ c. bourbon
⅓ c. hot water
1 can pumpkin puree
4 large eggs
1 c. granulated sugar
1½ c. milk
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. ground allspice
1 pinch salt
1 loaf day-old brioche or challah bread
confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter six 10-ounce ramekins or custard cups, and sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon brown sugar, and set aside on a baking sheet. Place raisins in a small bowl, and cover with bourbon, if using, and the hot water; let soak until plump, about 20 minutes. Drain; set aside.
In a large bowl, whisk together pumpkin, eggs, granulated sugar, milk, vanilla, spices, and salt. Toss in the bread cubes, and stir gently to evenly coat; let stand a few minutes. Fold in the raisins. Divide among prepared dishes, pressing down slightly to make level.
Bake until custard is set in the center and top is golden, about 40 minutes. If bread browns too quickly, cover loosely with aluminum foil. Remove from oven; let cool slightly. To serve, un-mold onto plates; dust with confectioners' sugar.


½ c. lime juice (from about 4 limes)
1½ c. applesauce (plain, nothing added)
2 tsp. powdered pectin
2½ c. sugar
Zest from 2 limes
Lightly oil an 8" x 8" brownie pan; set aside.
Combine lime juice and applesauce in a medium, deep saucepan. In a small bowl, whisk together the pectin and 1/2 cup sugar, and blend into the lime mixture. Clip a candy thermometer onto the side of the saucepan and bring mixture to a boil. Add remaining sugar and boil, stirring, until mixture reaches 225 degrees F (you may need to stir constantly toward the end to prevent burning). Remove from heat and stir in lime zest.
Pour into prepared pan. When slightly cool, sprinkle sugar on top, and allow to set, about 2 hours. Cut into 1-inch squares, or use a lightly oiled cookie cutter to make other shapes. Dredge in sugar and dry on a cooling rack overnight. Scraps can be remelted and reset.
Store in a box or paper bag at room temperature for up to two weeks.


½  recipe
all-purpose flour
3.67 c. heavy cream
.67 c. granulated sugar
4 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
¼ tsp. salt
¼ c. dark rum
¼ c. golden raisins
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
Turn out dough onto a lightly floured work surface. Roll out to a 12-inch round, a bit less than 1/4 inch thick; fit into a 9-inch glass pie plate. Trim dough flush with edge of pie plate, then make 1/2-inch cuts at 3/4-inch intervals all around edge. Bend every other tab of crust forward. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line shell with parchment paper, leaving a 1-inch overhang. Fill with pie weights. Bake until edge of crust begins to turn golden, about 15 minutes. Remove parchment and weights. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Bake until pale golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack.
Bring 3 cups cream almost to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove from heat. Meanwhile, whisk together granulated sugar, eggs, egg yolks, and salt in a medium bowl. Slowly pour in hot cream, whisking constantly until combined; return cream mixture to saucepan. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until mixture is thick enough to coat the back of the spoon and hold a line when you drag a finger through it, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in rum. Remove from heat; set aside.
Separate any raisins that are stuck together. Arrange raisins in an even layer on bottom of cooled crust. Carefully pour in hot custard. Bake until center is set, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack.
Before serving, put remaining 2/3 cup cream and the confectioners' sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat on medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Serve pie with whipped cream. Pie can be refrigerated, loosely covered, up to 3 days.


6 tbsp. butter
½ c. sugar
½ c. light brown sugar
3 tbsp. honey
3 tbsp. light corn syrup
¾ tsp. baking soda
10 c. popcorn
2 tsp. fine sea salt
1½ c. honey-roasted peanuts (or other nuts)
In a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add sugars, honey, and corn syrup and cook to 300° over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Mixture will be thick and bubbly. Add baking soda and stir carefully to incorporate.
Remove any unpopped kernels from popcorn, then place in a lightly oiled bowl. Pour caramel over popcorn and toss to combine, using oiled, heatproof spatulas or wooden spoons. When popcorn has cooled slightly but is not quite set, mix in salt and peanuts. With oiled hands, form into 2-inch balls. Keep a bowl of cold water nearby to dip your hands into if mixture gets warm or sticky. Place balls on sheet tray; once cool, store in an airtight container. Eat within a week.
Note:


3 tbsp. all-purpose flour

4 large eggs
1 large egg
¾ c. acacia or other mild honey
¾ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. unsalted butter
½ tsp. finely grated orange zest
1/4 c. fresh orange juice
½ tsp. salt
2 c. coarsely chopped walnuts
Fine sanding sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place a 9 1/8-by-1 3/8-inch tart ring on a baking sheet lined with parchment; set aside. On a lightly floured surface, roll out 1 disk of dough to 1/8 inch thick; cut into a 14-inch round. Fit into tart ring; trim overhang to 1/2 inch. Refrigerate while making filling.
Whisk together 4 eggs, the honey, granulated sugar, butter, orange zest and juice, salt, and flour in a large bowl. Stir in walnuts. Pour into tart shell.
On a lightly floured surface, roll out remaining disk of dough to 1/8 inch thick. Cut into an 11-inch round. Cut 5 slits for vents. Drape over filling. Trim overhang to 1 inch; fold over bottom crust. Press edges to seal, and tuck into ring. Brush with remaining beaten egg, and sprinkle with sanding sugar.
Bake until a knife inserted in one of the vents comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Transfer sheet to a wire rack; let cool completely. Remove ring before serving. Can be stored, covered, overnight.


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. unsweetened cocoa powder (not Dutch-process)
1½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. Coarse salt
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. vegetable shortening
½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed dark-brown sugar
1 large egg
1 c. whole milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
4 oz. cream cheese
½ c. unsalted butter
½ c. confectioners' sugar
¼ c. canned solid pack pumpkin
1 pinch cinnamon
1 pinch nutmeg
Prepare cookies:
Place butter, shortening, and sugars into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on high speed until smooth, about 3 minutes. Add egg; mix until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Mix in half the flour mixture, then the milk and vanilla. Mix in remaining flour mixture.
Drop about 2 teaspoons dough onto baking sheets lined with parchment paper, spacing 2 inches apart. Bake until cookies spring back when lightly touched, 12 to 14 minutes. Transfer baking sheets to wire racks and let cool 10 minutes. Remove cookies from baking sheets and transfer to wire racks using a spatula; let cool completely.
Prepare filling:
Pipe or spoon about 2 teaspoons filling on the flat sides of half the cookies. Sandwich with remaining cookies, keeping the flat sides down.


all-purpose flour
14 oz. best-quality frozen puff pastry (such as Dufour)
3 small Bartlett pears or 2 medium pears
2 oz. dried sour cherries
⅓ c. sugar
4 tsp. constarch
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
salt
Freshly ground black pepper
five-spice powder
1 large egg
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. On a lightly floured surface, unfold dough, and roll to 10 by 15 inches. Cut into two 10-by-7 1/2-inch rectangles. Refrigerate until cold.
Stir pears, cherries, sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, and 1/8 teaspoon each of salt, pepper, and spice powder in a bowl.
Transfer 1 rectangle of dough to a baking sheet lined with parchment. Spoon fruit mixture onto dough, leaving a 1-inch border all around. Brush border with beaten egg. Lay remaining dough over filling; press gently to seal. Refrigerate 20 minutes. Transfer to a room-temperature rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment.
Trim edges, and brush top with beaten egg. Cut five 5-inch vents in top. Sprinkle with sugar. Bake, rotating once, until crust is golden and juices are bubbling, about 35 minutes. Transfer pie to a wire rack; let cool 20 minutes before serving.


1 bag frozen blackberries
2 tsp. powdered pectin
2¾ c. sugar
1 tbsp. lemon juice or lime juice
Puree fruit and 1/2 cup water in blender until smooth; strain out seeds.
Place 2 cups puree in a heavy-bottomed medium saucepan. Thoroughly mix pectin and 1/4 cup sugar, whisk into fruit puree, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Add remaining 2 1/4 cups sugar and cook mixture until it reaches 225 degrees F, stirring constantly. Stir in lemon or lime juice; cook 30 seconds more.
Pour into a lightly oiled 9" x 13" baking pan, sprinkle sugar on top, and allow to set, about 2 hours. Cut into 1-inch squares, or use a lightly oiled cookie cutter to make other shapes. Dredge in sugar and dry on a cooling rack overnight. Scraps can be remelted and reset.
Store in a box or paper bag at room temperature for up to two weeks.


1  sugar pumpkin
½ c.
1 c. pecans
1½ c. all-purpose flour
1¼ c. sugar
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. salt
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground ginger
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
1 pinch ground cloves
¾ c. vegetable oil
4 large eggs
2 package almond paste
Gel food color

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two muffin tins with paper liners. Grate pumpkin in a food processor or on the large holes of a box grater (you should have about 2 1/2 cups). Transfer to a medium bowl, and add pumpkin puree and pecans.
In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and cloves; pulse to combine. With machine running, add oil and eggs; process until smooth, scraping sides of bowl as needed. Add pumpkin mixture; pulse to combine.
Spoon about 1/3 cup batter into each cupcake liner. Bake until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
Make the marzipan pumpkins:
Decorate cupcakes with frosting and marzipan pumpkins. Store in airtight containers at room temperature up to 2 days
Marzipan Pumpkin How-To:


1  recipe
1  recipe
1 c. salted, roasted peanuts
1 bar Baker's semisweet chocolate
Invert pan of nougat onto an oiled or parchment-covered cutting board; invert pan of cooled peanut caramel, placing on top of nougat, gently pressing it down so it sticks.
Using a sharp, lightly oiled chef's knife, cut 1" x 2" bars; dip bars in chocolate if desired, or drizzle chocolate on top.
Keep bars refrigerated in an airtight container. They will last up to 3 weeks if covered in chocolate, and 1 1/2 weeks if not covered. (Make sure to let them come to room temperature before eating.) They can also be frozen to extend shelf life.


2 medium sweet potatoes
¼ tsp. ground ginger
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
2 tbsp. packed light-brown sugar
1 c. whole milk
1 piece peeled fresh ginger
¼ c. unsalted butter
1/2 c. melted butter
¼ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. granulated sugar
1/4 c. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
9  sheets phyllo dough
1 pinch cream of tartar
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Bake potatoes until tender, 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove from oven; let stand until cool enough to handle.
Peel potatoes, and press through a ricer into a large bowl (you should have about 1 cup); let cool completely. Stir in ground ginger, vanilla, salt, egg yolks, and brown sugar; set aside.
Meanwhile, heat milk and fresh ginger in a medium saucepan over medium heat until just under a boil. Remove from heat; let stand 30 minutes. Pour through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl.
Melt 1/4 cup butter in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Whisk in flour; cook, whisking, 1 minute. Whisk in milk mixture. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, and cook 1 minute. Stir into potato mixture.
Butter a 9-inch springform pan, and place on a baking sheet; set aside. Stir 1/3 cup granulated sugar and the cinnamon in a small bowl. Brush 1 phyllo sheet with melted butter. Sprinkle lightly with cinnamon-sugar mixture. Fold in half crosswise; brush with butter. Sprinkle lightly with cinnamon-sugar mixture, and fit into prepared pan, folded side in, allowing a 2 1/2-inch overhang. Repeat, overlapping sheets to cover bottom.
Put egg whites into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment; beat on high speed until foamy. Add cream of tartar; beat until soft peaks form. With machine running, gradually add remaining 1/4 cup granulated sugar; beat until stiff glossy peaks form. Whisk one-third of the egg whites into potato mixture. Gently but thoroughly fold in remaining egg whites.
Pour over phyllo; fold overhang over filling. Sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar mixture (if needed, combine 1 to 2 tablespoons more sugar and a pinch of cinnamon). Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Bake pie until puffed and just set in center, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from oven; let stand until slightly cooled and center has fallen, about 20 minutes.


¾ c. sugar
¼ c. light corn syrup
½ tsp. honey
¼ tsp. powdered gelatin
3 tsp. baking soda
½ bar semisweet chocolate (optional)
Lightly butter and flour a 9" x 13" aluminum roasting pan; set aside.
In a medium pot, combine sugar, corn syrup, and 3 tablespoons water. Cook over medium-high heat, stirring gently, until sugar has dissolved; it will start to bubble. Swirl occasionally. Add honey and continue cooking until temperature reaches 325°, then turn off heat. Let pan sit 3 minutes.
Dissolve gelatin in a scant 1 teaspoon water until it starts to thicken. Vigorously stir gelatin into sugar mixture until thoroughly combined, then stir in baking soda. Pour immediately into prepared pan. Do not move pan; let sit for at least 2 hours, then use a large fork or hammer to break apart pieces. If desired, dip in melted chocolate.


2½ c. spooned and leveled all-purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
1 tbsp. sugar
¾ c. cold unsalted butter
1½ c. shredded sharp Cheddar
¼ c. ice water
In a food processor, briefly pulse flour, salt, and sugar. Add butter and cheddar; pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal, with a few pea-size pieces of butter reamining. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons ice water. Pulse until dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed (if necessary, add up to 2 more tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon at a time). Don't overmix.
Divide into two disks. Turn dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Fold plastic over dough; press to shape into a 1-inch-thick disk. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour (or up to 3 days). See


4 oz. dark or milk chocolate
¾ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
4 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
2 large egg whites
2½ tbsp. light corn syrup
2⅓ c. sugar
1½ c. light corn syrup
2 tsp. vanilla extract
Melt chocolate in a double boiler or microwave; keep warm.
Sift together cocoa powder and confectioners' sugar; set aside.
Combine egg whites and 2 1/2 tablespoons corn syrup in the bowl of a stand mixer, but don't start it.
In a medium saucepan, combine sugar, 1/2 cup water, and 1 1/2 cups corn syrup and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Once temperature has reached 235 degrees F, start whipping egg white mixture on high speed. Continue to cook sugar syrup until it reaches 245 degrees F. Remove from heat and carefully pour hot syrup into egg whites in a thin stream (pour it down side of bowl, not directly onto beater). Whip for 8 minutes, then add vanilla.
Stop mixer; quickly and thoroughly mix in melted chocolate by hand. Add reserved cocoa powder mixture. If making
Note:


3/4 c. old-fashioned oats
3 oz. finely chopped walnuts (1/3 cup)
7 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1/4 tsp. Coarse salt
6 tbsp. packed light-brown sugar
1½ oz. unsalted butter
2 tbsp. honey
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine oats, walnuts, flour, salt, and sugar in a large bowl. Melt butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in honey. Stir into oat mixture.
Spread streusel on a rimmed baking sheet lined with a nonstick baking mat. Bake, stirring occasionally, until light gold and crunchy, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool on baking sheet on a wire rack. (Streusel will keep, covered, for up to 3 days.)


½ c. unsalted butter
2½ c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1 tbsp. pumpkin-pie spice
2 large eggs
1½ c. sugar
1 can solid-pack pumpkin puree
½ c. unsalted butter
1 bar regular (or reduced-fat) cream cheese
¼ c. honey
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch square baking pan.
In a medium bowl, whisk flour, baking soda, salt, and pumpkin-pie spice. In a large bowl, whisk eggs, sugar, butter, and pumpkin puree until combined. Add dry ingredients to pumpkin mixture, and mix gently until smooth.
Turn batter into prepared pan, and smooth top. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out with just a few moist crumbs attached, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool cake 10 minutes in pan, then turn out of pan, and cool completely, right side up, on a rack.
Make Honey Frosting:
Spread top of cooled cake with honey frosting. Cut cake into squares to serve.


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. pumpkin-pie spice
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
1 large egg
1 can pure pumpkin puree
4 oz. semisweet chocolate
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, baking powder, pumpkin-pie spice, and salt; set aside.
Using an electric mixer, beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg; beat until smooth. With mixer on low speed, alternately add flour mixture in two parts and pumpkin puree in one, beginning and ending with flour mixture; mix just until combined (do not overmix).
Drop dough by heaping tablespoons onto two baking sheets, about 1 1/2 inches apart. Bake until puffed and edges are golden, 15 to 20 minutes, rotating sheets once during baking. Immediately transfer cookies to wire racks, and cool completely.
When cookies have cooled, set them (still on rack) over a baking sheet or waxed paper. Place chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl set over (not in) a saucepan of simmering water; stir until almost melted. Remove from heat; stir until completely melted. Pour chocolate into a resealable plastic bag. Snip off a corner with scissors or a knife to make an 1/8-inch hole; pipe chocolate over cookies. Refrigerate until chocolate is firm, about 20 minutes.


32  gingersnaps
¼ c. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tsp. unsalted butter
1 envelope unflavored gelatin
¼ c. cold water
1¼ c. pumpkin or fresh pumpkin puree (see note below)
3 large eggs
¾ c. granulated sugar
½ c. whole milk
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground ginger
.13 tsp. ground nutmeg
¼ small sugar pumpkin
1 c. water
1½ c. packed light-brown sugar
2  cinnamon sticks
1 piece peeled fresh ginger
Make the crust:
Make the filling:
Combine pumpkin, egg yolks, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, milk, salt, and spices in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until mixture begins to thicken, about 8 minutes. Do not boil. Remove from heat. Stir in gelatin mixture until dissolved. Let cool completely.
Beat egg whites with a mixer until soft peaks form. Gradually add remaining 1/2 cup granulated sugar, beating until stiff peaks form. Whisk one-third of beaten egg whites into cooled pumpkin mixture. Gently fold in remaining whites. (Filling can be refrigerated, covered, overnight.) Spoon into pie shells, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour (or up to 2 hours).
Make the garnish:


1 c. walnuts
2 c. spelt flour
1 c. almonds
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tbsp. orange zest
½ tsp. allspice
1 pinch Sea salt
¼ c. coconut oil (or vegan butter)
½ c. maple syrup
2 tbsp. orange juice
¼ c. rice milk or nut milk
Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Spread a piece of parchment paper on a baking sheet and brush lightly with oil.
Dry roast the walnuts on a pan over a low heat until they start to smell nutty and crisp up a bit, then chop them.
Combine the flour, ground almonds, baking powder, chopped walnuts, allspice, sea salt and orange zest in a mixing bowl. Add the coconut oil or vegan butter and mix in with your fingertips. Add the maple syrup and orange juice and mix in, then drizzle in enough rice or nut milk to form a sticky dough.
Transfer the dough to the baking sheet and shape it into a flattish log, about 4 to 5 inches wide by 14 inches long.
Bake for 25 minutes, then remove from the oven and reduce oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Gently cut into 1-inch "fingers" and turn the pieces on their sides, then return to the oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Test to make sure they've crisped up before removing from the oven. They don't usually last for more than a few hours, but they will store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks!
Variations:


3 c. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. sugar
1¼ tsp. salt
1 c. cold butter
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. ice water
1 tsp. ice water
Pulse flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor to combine. Add butter; process until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. With machine running, add ice water in a slow, steady stream through feed tube until dough just comes together (no longer than 30 seconds).
Turn out onto a work surface. Divide in half. Shape into disks. Wrap in plastic. Refrigerate at least 1 hour (up to 2 days). Pate Brisee Walnut Variation: Make recipe as directed, substituting 3/4 cup ground walnuts for 3/4 cup flour.


1¾ c. sugar
1 can evaporated milk
¾ c. heavy cream
¾ c. light corn syrup
2 tbsp. butter
¼ tsp. vanilla extract
½ tbsp. coarse sea salt
Oil or cooking spray
In a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan, bring sugar, evaporated milk, and heavy cream to a boil over medium heat. Add corn syrup and continue cooking until mixture reaches 230 degrees F.
Add butter and vanilla; continue cooking, stirring constantly, until caramel reaches 240 degrees F. Remove from heat, stir in salt, and carefully pour into a lightly oiled 9" x 13" baking dish (parchment paper in the bottom of the pan is helpful).
Let cool at least 1 hour. Invert onto a cutting board covered with waxed or parchment paper and cut into 1-inch pieces with a sharp, lightly oiled knife. Caramels can be wrapped in waxed or parchment paper or cellophane. (To serve candy-store style, wrap individual pieces in parchment paper and secure the ends with a simple twist.) Store airtight at cool room temperature (around 65 degrees F) or in the refrigerator; will keep up to 3 weeks.


1 c. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. ground cinnamon
17  sheets phyllo
6 oz. unsalted butter

1 can solid-pack pumpkin
1/2 c. packed light-brown sugar
1/4 c. honey
3 large eggs
1 can evaporated milk
1 tbsp. cornstarch
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1/2 tsp. Coarse salt
1/4 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
3/4 tsp. ground cinnamon
3/4 tsp. ground ginger
ground cloves
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Fold a piece of foil lengthwise to make a 2-inch-wide collar, and fit it around a 9-inch deep-dish pie dish, extending it 1/2 inch above dish. Combine granulated sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl.
Brush 1 sheet of phyllo with butter, and generously sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar and then with 2 tablespoons streusel over half the sheet. Fold in half from left to right. Brush top with butter, and sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar. Gently scrunch right side, and then fold back corners of left side to create a petal shape. Place phyllo in dish, pressing scrunched side into dish and tucking folded corners under (phyllo will not reach center). Repeat 13 times, overlapping sheets.
Brush remaining phyllo sheets with butter, sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar, and fold in quarters. Press into dish to cover bottom. Brush with butter, and sprinkle with cinnamon-sugar.
Cut a circle of parchment, at least 16 inches wide, and fit into phyllo pie shell. Fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until edges begin to turn gold, about 10 minutes. Remove pie weights, parchment, and foil collar. Continue to bake until crust is golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes more.
Transfer dish to a rimmed baking sheet. Mix pumpkin, brown sugar, honey, eggs, milk, cornstarch, vanilla, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, ginger, and a pinch of cloves in a large bowl. Pour into crust. Tent edges with foil, and bake until center is set but still a bit wobbly, 60 to 65 minutes. Let cool in pie dish on a wire rack. Sprinkle with some streusel. Serve at room temperature with honey and remaining streusel.


1 c. sugar
¼ c. honey or maple syrup
¼ c. light corn syrup
Food coloring (if desired)
¼ tsp. flavored oil
Thin sticks (each 4 inches long)
Lollipop molds or aluminum foil
Grease molds, or foil if making free-form lollipops, and set on a rimmed cookie sheet. Place sheet on even work surface.
In a small pot over high heat, bring sugar, 1/2 cup water, honey or maple syrup, and corn syrup to a boil. Cook until mixture reaches 295°, then add food coloring and flavored oil, if using. To test flavor, dip a spoon in boiling mixture, then dunk it in cold water to chill, then taste. Add more flavoring as desired.
Continue cooking until temperature reaches 300°, then transfer to a funnel or measuring cup. Pour into molds or onto foil and insert sticks. Allow to set, about 15 minutes.
Note:


1½ c. fresh cranberries
½ c. granulated sugar
1/3 c. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. water
all-purpose flour

1 large egg white
8 oz. cranberry jam or preserves
10 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 large eggs
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
6 oz. whole almonds (1 1/4 cups)
1 tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. salt
Put fresh cranberries, 1/3 cup sugar, and the water into a saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring to dissolve sugar, until cranberries have just softened, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat, and let cool completely.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out dough to a 12-inch circle, 1/8 to  1/4 inch thick. Transfer to an 8-by-2-inch springform pan, pressing crust into bottom and up sides. Trim excess flush with rim. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Prick tart crust all over with a fork. Cut a 12-inch round of parchment, and place on top of chilled crust. Fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove weights and parchment, and brush crust lightly with egg white. Return to oven, and bake until pale golden, about 25 minutes. Refrigerate remaining egg white. Let crust cool in pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes.
Raise oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Spread jam over bottom of tart crust.
Beat butter and remaining 1/2 cup sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to medium. Slowly add ground almonds, cinnamon, and salt, and beat until just combined. Spread mixture over jam-covered crust.
Bake tart until filling is set and has darkened slightly, 45 to 50 minutes. (If top darkens too quickly, cover loosely with foil.) Remove tart from oven, brush top with egg white, and sprinkle with sugar. Return to oven, and bake for 5 minutes more. Let cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Remove from pan, and top with candied cranberries. Serve warm.


1¼ c. all-purpose flour
4½ tsp. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. salt
1 stick cold unsalted butter
1 large egg yolk
2 tbsp. ice water
Pulse flour, sugar, and salt in a food processor until combined. Add butter, and process until mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds.
Lightly beat yolk with ice water. With processor running, add yolk mixture in a slow, steady stream through the feed tube, and process until dough just holds together (no longer than 30 seconds).
Turn out onto a work surface, and shape into a disk. Wrap in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour (or up to 2 days), or freeze for up to 1 month.


1¼ c. graham-cracker crumbs
¼ c. sugar
4 tbsp. unsalted butter, melted
4 package bar cream cheese
1¼ c. sugar
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 c. canned pumpkin puree
2 tbsp. pumpkin-pie spice
1 tbsp. vanilla extract
½ tsp. salt
4 large eggs
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with rack in center. Assemble a 9-inch nonstick springform pan, with the raised side of the bottom part facing up.
Make the crust:
Make the filling:
Place springform pan on a rimmed baking sheet. Pour filling into springform, and gently smooth top. Transfer to oven; reduce oven heat to 300 degrees. Bake 45 minutes. Turn off oven; let cheesecake stay in oven 2 hours more (without opening).
Remove from oven; cool completely. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours. Unmold before serving.


1½ c. hazelnuts (7 ounces)
6 large egg whites
1 pinch salt
1½ c. granulated sugar
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ tsp. pure almond extract
1 c. mini chocolate chips (6 ounces)
6 oz. bittersweet chocolate
3 c. heavy cream
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
chocolate shavings
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Draw two 8-inch rounds on one sheet of the parchment and one 8-inch round on the other.
Spread the hazelnuts on a third baking sheet and toast for 12 to 14 minutes, until browned. Let cool slightly, then transfer to a towel and rub to remove the skins. Chop the nuts. Lower the oven temperature to 225 degrees F.
In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the whisk, beat the egg whites with the salt at medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in the granulated sugar at high speed until stiff. Beat in the vanilla and almond extracts. Fold in the hazelnuts and chocolate chips. Pour the melted chocolate down the side of the bowl and gently fold until the meringue is lightly marbled.
Spread the meringue in the drawn circles and bake for 2 hours and 30 minutes, until crisp; rotate the pans halfway through baking. Turn off the oven, leave the door ajar, and let the meringues cool completely.
In the bowl of the standing mixer, beat the cream with the confectioners' sugar until firm. Remove the meringues from the parchment paper. Spread the whipped cream on the layers and stack them. Refrigerate or freeze the cake overnight. Cut into wedges and serve at room temperature. Garnish with chocolate shavings before serving.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
¼ tsp. salt
2 stick unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
12 oz. bittersweet chocolate
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. bourbon
1 c. sugar
2 stick unsalted butter
5 large eggs
Prepare the Pastry:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a floured work surface, working quickly, roll out the pastry to an 11-inch round, about 1/4-inch thick. Transfer the pastry to a 10-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Gently press the pastry over the bottom and up the side of the pan. Trim off any excess pastry. Refrigerate the shell for about 20 minutes, until firm.
Line the pastry with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake for about 30 minutes, until almost cooked. Remove the tart shell from the oven and let cool for 15 minutes, then gently remove the foil and weights. Return the shell to the oven and bake for about 12 minutes longer, until dry. Transfer to a wire rack and let the tart shell cool to room temperature. Just before filling, refrigerate the tart shell for a few minutes until slightly chilled.
Prepare the Filling:
Set the tart shell on a large baking sheet and pour in the filling. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until the filling has risen and the top is cracked in places. Transfer the tart to a rack and let it cool completely. Unmold the tart and refrigerate it overnight. Using a sharp knife, cut the tart into thin wedges and serve.


1½ c. hazelnuts
1½ c. confectioners' sugar
1 pinch salt
1 large egg white
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a large rimmed baking sheet and toast for about 12 minutes, until the nuts are fragrant, and the skins blister. Transfer the hazelnuts to a kitchen towel and let cool, then rub them together to remove their skins.
In a food processor, pulse the hazelnuts with the confectioners' sugar and salt until finely chopped. Scrape the hazelnut mixture into a medium bowl. Stir in the beaten egg white and vanilla.
Line the baking sheet with parchment paper. Spoon tablespoon-size mounds of the hazelnut dough onto the prepared baking sheet 1 inch apart.
Bake the cookies in the center of the oven for about 14 minutes, until browned in spots (about 13 minutes for chewy cookies and 15 minutes for slightly crisp cookies). Let the cookies cool on the baking sheet before serving.


¼ c. sugar
1 tsp. dried lavender buds
4 large apricots
4  nectarines
½ lb. sweet cherries
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1½ tsp. finely grated orange zest
1 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil
salt
Freshly ground pepper
1 c. mascarpone
2 tbsp. honey
8 slice peasant bread
8  rosemary skewers
Put the sugar and lavender in a spice grinder and grind to a powder. In a large bowl, combine the lavender sugar with the apricots, nectarines, cherries, lemon juice, orange zest, and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Toss well and season lightly with salt and pepper. Let stand for 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir the mascarpone with the honey, and season with pepper. Brush the bread slices on both sides with olive oil.
Light a grill. Thread the fruit onto the rosemary skewers; reserve any juices in the bowl. Grill the bread over high heat until lightly charred and crisp, about 30 seconds per side. Grill the fruit skewers over moderate heat, basting a few times with the reserved juices, until lightly charred and just tender, about 4 minutes per side.
Spread the honey mascarpone on the grilled bread and halve each slice. Transfer to a platter. Slide the fruit off the skewers onto the bread, drizzle some of the juices over the fruit, and serve.


1 bottle Riesling wine
1 c. sugar
¼ c. honey
3 piece peeled fresh ginger
4  firm Bosc pears
In a 3-qt saucepan, combine wine, sugar, honey and ginger over medium-high heat and bring to a rapid boil.
Core pears from the bottom, then slice off underside so they stand up on a plate. Add pears to wine mixture. Reduce heat to medium low, cover and let simmer 25 to 30 minutes until pears can be easily pierced with the tip of a knife. (Do not overcook or the fruit will fall apart.) Remove the pears to a serving dish, standing them upright, and place in refrigerator to cool.
Return wine mixture to a light boil and cook for 20 to 25 minutes more or until liquid is reduced to 1 cup. Discard ginger pieces and serve at room temperature with pears.
Follow directions as above, but replace the white wine with merlot, and the ginger and honey with 2 cinnamon sticks, 6 cloves and 2 strips (4 in. each) of orange peel. Once pears are poached and liquid is reduced, remove cinnamon, cloves and orange peel before serving.


1 stick butter
1 c. brown sugar
1 tsp. vanilla
3 tbsp. cinnamon
1 c. pecans
1 loaf frozen (unbaked) bread dough
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9- by 13-inch baking or Pyrex pan.
In a bowl, combine melted butter, brown sugar, vanilla, and cinnamon. Stir until evenly mixed. Spread mixture over bottom of greased pan. Crush pecans in a ziplock bag using a rolling pin, then spread out over bottom of pan. (I usually do half with pecans and half without.)
Cut thawed bread dough into quarters lengthwise, then section each quarter into 1-inch lengths.
Place dough pieces in pan so that they are almost, but not quite, touching. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes until dough is golden-brown on top. Let cool 10 minutes, then turn out of pan. (If you wait too long to turn them out, the sugar coating sticks to the pan and they're really difficult to get out, so it's best to remove them immediately. I usually turn them out onto a piece of tinfoil, and then invert it back into the pan for storage and traveling.)


1  11- to 12-inch thin pizza crust
6 tbsp. sugar
4  plums
1½ c. ricotta cheese
⅓ c. pistachios
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Line 18- by 12-inch jelly-roll pan with parchment paper.
Sprinkle 3 tablespoons sugar evenly on crust. Arrange plum wedges in concentric circles on crust. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar.
Bake 17 minutes or until plums soften slightly.
Mix 1 1/2 cups ricotta cheese with 2 tablespoons sugar. Cut galette into 12 wedges.
Divide galette slices among plates; dollop with ricotta, and sprinkle with 1/3 cup roasted salted pistachios.


1 box whole-grain apple-cinnamon muffin mix
2 large eggs
3 medium Granny Smith or Gala apples, peeled
Heat oven to 375ºF. Coat a 9-in. springform pan with nonstick cooking spray. Prepare muffin mix as package directs, using 2 eggs, 1⁄2 cup water and 1⁄4 cup oil. Gently stir in 1 sliced apple with the provided apple-cinnamon pouch. Spread into pan.
Arrange remaining apple slices in concentric circles on top. Sprinkle 3 Tbsp sugar, then the granola topping on top.
Bake 55 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean.
Sprinkle 1⁄4 cup chopped walnuts on top along with the granola.
Use 3 pears, peeled, cored and sliced, instead of apples.
Stir 2 tsp grated lemon zest into batter.




1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
½ stick unsalted butter
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
1 c. unsweetened applesauce
4 large egg whites
1 c. white whole-wheat flour
¼ c. unsweetened cocoa
½ tsp. salt
½ c. coarsely chopped walnuts
Heat oven to 350ºF. Line a 13 x 9-in. baking pan with nonstick foil (let the foil extend about 2 in. above pan at both ends).
Microwave chocolate and butter in a large glass bowl on high, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted and smooth.
Whisk in sugar, applesauce and egg whites until mixed well. Stir in flour, cocoa and salt just until blended. Spread into prepared pan. Sprinkle walnuts on top.
Bake 20 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely in pan on wire rack.
Holding foil by ends, lift from pan onto a cutting board. Carefully cut lengthwise in 4 strips and then cut each strip in 6; remove foil.


2 c. confectioners' sugar
2½ tbsp. meringue powder
¼ c. water
Beat sugar, meringue powder, and water with a mixer on low speed until fluffy but dense, 7 to 8 minutes.


3 large egg yolks
¼ c. sugar
3 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1¼ c. whole milk
¼ tsp. Coarse salt
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. ground ginger
.13 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
½ oz. unsalted butter
Whisk yolks and sugar in a small bowl. Mix cornstarch and flour in another small bowl. Bring milk, salt, and spices to a boil in a medium saucepan. Remove saucepan from heat. Whisk cornstarch mixture into yolk mixture, and then immediately whisk 2 tablespoons milk mixture into yolk mixture. Whisk in remaining milk mixture in a slow, steady stream.
Return mixture to saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until it begins to thicken and registers 160 degrees on a candy thermometer, 1 to 2 minutes.
Strain mixture through a fine sieve into a heatproof bowl, and whisk in vanilla and butter until smooth. Press a piece of plastic wrap directly on surface, and refrigerate until cold and thick, at least 1 hour (or up to 1 day).


1  frozen Sara Lee Uniced Chocolate Brownie
1  frozen Sara Lee All Butter Pound Cake
6  Sara Lee Large Chocolate Chunk Brownies

Black gel food coloring
1 tbsp. cocoa powder
Miniature candy pumpkins
Miniature autumn candy leaves
Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Using a serrated knife, trim 1/2 inch from each of the 4 edges of the brownie; cut trimmings into 1-inch pieces. Place on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet; set aside. Wrap un-iced brownie in plastic wrap, and reserve.
Slice pound cake lengthwise into 3 equal pieces, about 1/2 inch thick. Using cookie cutters or a sharp paring knife, cut the slices into ghost and tombstone shapes (you'll need about 4 ghosts and 12 tombstones in varying sizes). Transfer to wire rack with brownie pieces. Bake until dried out, about 20 minutes. Cool completely.
Meanwhile, place 1 cup of royal icing in a small bowl. Stir in a small drop of food coloring, to color it light gray; set aside. In another small bowl, place 1/2 cup royal icing. Stir in cocoa powder until smooth and tan in color; cover with plastic wrap, and set aside.
Pour all but 2 tablespoons remaining white royal icing over ghosts to coat completely. Using the gray royal icing, pour over tombstones to cover. You can vary the color of the tombstones by adding a little more food coloring, if desired. To prevent the ghosts and tombstones from sticking to the wire rack, gently lift with an offset spatula occasionally. Allow icing to set completely, about 4 hours.
Add enough food coloring to the reserved 2 tablespoons white royal icing to color it black. Transfer to a small disposable pastry bag fitted with a No. 2 or No. 4 plain round tip. Pipe tombstones with names and dates; set aside to set. Use remaining black royal icing to outline or give faces to ghosts, if desired. Set aside to set as well.
Transfer un-iced brownie to a large serving tray. Using a serrated knife, trim and level the corners of the reserved brownie to make the graveyard. Cut iced brownies into 1/4-by-1-inch strips. Place strips cut side down, with icing facing outward, in the corners of the graveyard, placing strips about 3 layers high in the corners. You want it to resemble an old, slightly uneven brick wall. Transfer reserved tan icing to a pastry bag fitted with a No. 6 plain round tip. Use the brown icing for the mortar between the bricks.
Arrange tombstones and ghosts in graveyard as desired. Use a paring knife to form a hole in the brownie to set each ghost and tombstone in and prevent them from tipping over.
Using a food processor, pulse dried brownie pieces until fine and resembling dirt. Mound some of the "dirt"; in front of tombstones, and sprinkle the remaining "dirt" around the graveyard. Decorate with candy pumpkins and candy leaves, as desired.


.67 c. heavy cream
2 tbsp. honey
10 oz. semisweet chocolate
Stir together cream and honey in a small saucepan; bring just to a boil. Remove from heat. Add chocolate; stir until smooth.


4 large egg whites
1 c. sugar
1 pinch cream of tartar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
Black gel food coloring
Fill a medium saucepan 1/4 full with water. Set the saucepan over medium heat, and bring water to a simmer.
Combine egg whites, sugar, and cream of tartar in the heatproof bowl of electric mixer; place over saucepan. Whisk constantly until sugar is dissolved and whites are warm to the touch, 3 to 4 minutes. Test by rubbing between your fingers; egg whites should feel smooth.
Transfer bowl to an electric mixer fitted with whisk attachment, and beat, starting on low speed, gradually increasing to high until stiff, glossy peaks form, 5 to 7 minutes. Add vanilla, and mix until combined.
In the same bowl, add black food coloring, one drop at a time. Beat with the whisk attachment until color is incorporated. Continue adding drops and beating until meringue reaches deep black color. Be sure to use meringue immediately.


1¼ c. sugar
⅓ c. water
5 large egg whites
1 pinch cream of tartar
1 lb. unsalted butter
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Black gel food coloring
In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring sugar and water to boil, and cook until sugar is completely dissolved. Clip a candy thermometer onto the saucepan. Boil the syrup, brushing down the sides of the pan with a pastry brush in water to prevent crystallization, until the syrup registers 240 degrees (soft-ball stage).
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites on low speed until foamy. Add cream of tartar, and beat on medium high until stiff, but not dry, peaks form.
With the mixer running, pour the syrup down the side of the bowl (to prevent splattering) into the egg whites in a steady stream, and beat on high speed until bowl is cool to the touch. Switch to the paddle attachment, and beat in butter, piece by piece. Add vanilla; beat until smooth and spreadable, 3 to 5 minutes. If mixture looks curdled at any point during the beating process, continue beating until smooth; the curdling will disappear.
In the same bowl, add black food coloring, one drop at a time. Beat with the whisk attachment until color is incorporated. Continue adding drops and beating until buttercream reaches a deep black color.


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
⅓ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
2 tbsp. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
1½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. Coarse salt
1 can solid-pack pumpkin
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
⅓ c. heavy cream
5 oz. unsalted butter
1⅓ c. sugar
2 large eggs
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
8 oz. semisweet chocolate
1 c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. light corn syrup

Candy spiders (optional)
Make the cake:
Sift flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into a large bowl. Whisk pumpkin, oil, and cream in a medium bowl. Beat butter and sugar with a mixer on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, then add vanilla. Reduce speed to low, and add flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with pumpkin mixture, starting and ending with flour. Divide batter between pans, and spread evenly.
Bake until testers inserted into centers of cakes come out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool in pans on wire racks for 15 minutes. Invert cakes onto wire racks, remove parchment, and let cool.
Make the glaze:
To assemble the cake:


8 oz. unsalted butter
4 c. cake flour
4 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
2 tsp. ground cinnamon
1 tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
½ tsp. ground cloves
2½ c. packed light-brown sugar
4 large eggs
1 c. buttermilk
1½ c. canned solid-pack pumpkin


1 tbsp. ground ginger
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9-by-13-inch cake pan. Line with parchment paper; butter lining. Dust with flour; tap out excess. Set pan aside.
Whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and cloves in a large bowl; set aside. Put butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; beat on medium-high speed until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Reduce speed to low; alternate between adding flour mixture and buttermilk, beginning and ending with f lour. Add pumpkin, and beat until completely combined.
Pour batter into the prepared pan. Bake until golden and a cake tester inserted into center comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Let cool in pan on a wire rack 15 minutes. Unmold; peel off parchment. Let cool completely on rack, top side up.
Set cake and rack on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Pour warm chocolate glaze over cake. Using a small offset spatula, gently smooth glaze over top of cake, letting it drip down sides. Let stand at room temperature, or refrigerate until set. Arrange 6 headstones on top; serve with the remaining.


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. salt
1 tsp. Finely ground espresso
8 oz. unsalted butter
.67 c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3 oz. semisweet chocolate
Whisk together flour, salt, and espresso in a large bowl; set aside.
Put butter and sugar into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; beat on medium speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in vanilla. Beat in flour mixture. Transfer dough to plastic wrap. Flatten into a disk; wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.
Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.
Bake cookies until set but not browned, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely.
Melt chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, stirring occasionally until smooth. Let stand until cool but not stiff. Transfer to a pastry bag fitted with a very small plain round tip, such as an Ateco #2, or to a parchment-paper cone. Pipe desired design on cookies.


2 c. slightly crushed whole-grain flake cereal (we used Kashi)
2 c. whole-grain puffed rice cereal (we used Arrowhead Mills)
1 c. dried cranberries
½ c. unsalted cocktail peanuts
½ c. reduced-fat creamy peanut butter
½ c. packed light-brown sugar
½ c. honey
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
Line a 13 x 9-in. baking pan with nonstick foil (let the foil extend about 2 in. above pan at both ends).
Mix cereals, cranberries and peanuts in a large bowl.
Mix peanut butter, sugar, honey and butter in a 2-qt saucepan. Bring to boil over medium-high heat, stirring constantly; simmer for 1 minute.
Immediately stir into cereal mixture, tossing to evenly coat. Coat hands with cooking spray, then use them to spread and press the mixture in prepared pan. Chill until firm, about 1 hour.
Holding foil by ends, lift from pan onto a cutting board. Carefully cut lengthwise in 4 strips and then cut each strip in 6; remove foil.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
1 c. unsalted butter
1 c. packed light-brown sugar
1 large egg
1 c. unsweetened applesauce
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. confectioners' sugar
Orange nonpareils or sanding sugar
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, and salt; set aside.
In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat  1/2 cup butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg; beat until smooth. With mixer on low, alternately add flour mixture and applesauce, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Mix just until smooth (do not overmix).
Drop dough by heaping tablespoons, 2 inches apart, onto two baking sheets. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cookie comes out clean, 10 to 14 minutes. With a thin metal spatula, immediately transfer cookies to a wire rack; let cool completely.
Meanwhile,
Spread bottom of half the cookies with 1 tablespoon filling each; sandwich with remaining cookies, pressing gently so filling oozes out slightly. Sprinkle exposed filling with nonpareils. Let rest 15 minutes to set. (To store cookies, keep in an airtight container at room temperature, up to 2 days).


1 c. unsalted butter
1¼ c. all-purpose flour
1¼ tsp. Coarse salt
1 c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
2 tsp. pure vanilla extract
4 large eggs
1½ c. granulated sugar
½ c. packed light-brown sugar

Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Butter a 9-by-13-inch baking pan, and line it with parchment, leaving a 2-inch overhang on 2 sides. Butter and flour parchment, tapping out excess.
Combine flour and salt in a small bowl. Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Sift cocoa powder over butter, and whisk to combine. Let cool 3 minutes. Gently whisk in vanilla and eggs, then stir in sugars and flour mixture until just combined. Spread batter evenly in prepared pan.
Bake until top is firm and set, about 30 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack, and let cool for 20 minutes. Remove brownies from pan using parchment overhang, and let cool on wire rack. Cut brownies and decorate using royal icing, as desired. Brownies will keep at room temperature for up to 3 days.




3 c. sweetened shredded coconut
assorted candies
Frost tops of cupcakes with a smooth, even layer of buttercream. Place toasted coconut in a bowl. Holding cupcake at an angle over the bowl, press coconut into frosted top of cupcake, letting excess fall back into bowl. Add candies to create facial features.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
1½ c. sugar
1½ tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
¾ c. warm water
¾ c. buttermilk
3 tbsp. vegetable oil (such as safflower)
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 standard muffin tins with paper liners. Whisk together flour, cocoa powder, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl.
Mix in eggs, water, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla until smooth, about 3 minutes. Divide batter evenly among prepared muffin tins. Bake, rotating tins halfway through, until tops spring back when lightly touched, about 20 minutes. Let cool in tins on wire racks.


5 tbsp. meringue powder
1 box confectioner's sugar
Place meringue powder and a scant 1/2 cup water in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Whisk mixture on low speed until combined. Add sugar, scraping sides of bowl as needed, and beat until soft peaks form, about 10 minutes.


unsalted butter
¼ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. sugar
¼ tsp. baking soda
¼ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
1 large egg yolk
¼ c. warm water
¼ c. buttermilk
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract

¼ c. Black sprinkles

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter six (1 1/2-by-3-inch) dome flexible baking molds, and dust with cocoa, tapping out any excess. Set aside on a baking sheet.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, sift together cocoa, flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt.
Add egg yolk, warm water, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla to the flour mixture. Using the paddle attachment, mix on low speed until smooth, about 2 minutes, scraping the sides and bottom as necessary.
Pour batter to within 1/4 inch from the top of each mold. Bake, rotating once, until a wooden skewer inserted in center comes out clean, about 25 minutes.
Invert and unmold cakes onto a wire rack; set aside until completely cool, about 30 minutes. Trim cakes flush with the top of the molds, using a serrated knife.
To create the heads and legs:
Using an offset spatula, spread black buttercream over each cake to evenly coat. Cover with black sprinkles; set aside.
Transfer the remaining buttercream to a small disposable pastry bag; snip off the end to make a small hole for piping. Carefully pipe a small amount of icing onto the end of one of the spider legs, and attach to one of the spider-body cakes; apply a small amount of pressure to insert the leg into the frosted body. Repeat with remaining legs and cakes.
Pipe a small amount of buttercream onto the front of one of the bodies, and carefully attach the head. Allow to set; carefully transfer to serving plate by sliding a large spatula under the body from the back of the cake. Repeat with remaining cakes and heads.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. unsweetened Dutch-process cocoa powder
1½ c. sugar
1½ tsp. baking soda
¾ tsp. baking powder
¾ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
¾ c. warm water
¾ c. buttermilk
3 tbsp. vegetable oil (such as safflower)
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
confectioners' sugar
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 standard muffin tins with paper liners. Whisk together flour, cocoa powder, sugar, baking soda, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl.
Mix in eggs, water, buttermilk, oil, and vanilla until smooth, about 3 minutes. Divide batter evenly among prepared muffin tins. Bake, rotating tins halfway through, until tops spring back when lightly touched, about 20 minutes. Let cool in tins on wire racks.
Before serving, place a stencil atop each cupcake, and dust with confectioners' sugar. Carefully remove stencil.


1  orange
1 c. fresh orange juice
1 c. sugar
1 c. water
1½ c. fresh ricotta
1½ tbsp. sugar
¾ tsp. finely grated lemon zest
Seeds scraped from 1/2 vanilla bean
1½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. fine white cornmeal
2 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
2 c. buttermilk
2 large eggs
½ c. fresh ricotta
vegetable oil
Toasted almond slices
Prepare the syrup:
Prepare the ricotta topping:
Prepare the pancakes:
In a large cast-iron skillet, heat a thin film of vegetable oil. Drop in 1/4-cup dollops of batter and cook over moderately high heat, 2 minutes per side, until golden, and fluffy. Serve about 3 pancakes per person. Pass the orange syrup, ricotta topping, and toasted almonds at the table.


2 stick unsalted butter
6 large eggs
2 tbsp. milk
1⅓ c. granulated sugar
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 c. all-purpose flour
2 tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
½ c. peach schnapps
8  peaches
1 c. heavy cream
½ c. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Generously butter a 9-by-13-inch glass baking dish. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the eggs with the milk until frothy. Add the 1 1/3 cups of granulated sugar and beat at high speed until the mixture is thick and pale, about 7 minutes.
In a medium bowl, sift the flour with the baking powder and salt. Fold the dry ingredients into the beaten egg mixture, then fold in the melted butter until incorporated. Spread the batter in the prepared dish and bake in the center of the oven for about 30 minutes, until the cake is golden. Transfer to a rack and let cool.
Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, mix the remaining 1/4 cup of granulated sugar with the peach schnapps. Stir in the peaches and let stand at room temperature for at least 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
In a bowl, whip the cream with the confectioners' sugar and vanilla until firm. Cut the shortcake into squares and serve with the peaches and whipped cream.


1 tsp. unflavored gelatin
1 tbsp. of water
3 large egg whites
1 c. chilled heavy cream
6 large egg yolks
½ c. honey
3 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
12  soft ladyfingers sandwiched with orange marmalade
Line a 9-by-4 1/2-by-3-inch loaf pan with parchment paper, allowing at least 3 inches of overhang on the long sides. In a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over the water and let stand.
In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the egg whites at high speed until firm peaks form. In another bowl, beat the cream until firmly whipped; refrigerate.
In a large bowl set over a pot of simmering water, beat the egg yolks with the honey at medium speed until thickened and an instant-read thermometer inserted in the yolk mixture registers 160 degrees F, about 6 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pot and beat in the gelatin mixture, lemon juice, and zest; continue beating until slightly cooled, about 5 minutes longer.
Using a rubber spatula, fold the beaten egg whites, and whipped cream into the lemon-honey mixture until no streaks remain. Pour half of the semifreddo base into the prepared loaf pan. Arrange the ladyfinger sandwiches in the pan in 2 long rows and top with the remaining semifreddo base. Cover loosely with the overhanging parchment and freeze until firm, at least 4 hours or overnight. Unmold the semifreddo and peel off the paper; slice and serve.


2 c. milk
¾ c. heavy cream
1  vanilla bean
¼ c. honey
Finely grated zest of 1 lemon
2 large eggs
2 large egg yolks
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
11  1/2 ounce log fresh goat cheese
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 tsp. freshly squeezed lemon juice
¼ tsp. salt
fresh raspberries
In a medium saucepan, combine the milk with the cream, vanilla bean and seeds, the 1/4 cup of honey, and the lemon zest. Bring to a simmer. Remove the saucepan from the heat, cover, and let stand for 30 minutes. Strain the milk, discarding the vanilla bean.
In a medium bowl, whisk the whole eggs with the yolks, sugar, and cornstarch until smooth. Gradually whisk in the warm milk mixture. Pour the contents of the bowl into the saucepan. Bring to a boil over moderately high heat, whisking constantly until thickened, 1 minute.
Transfer the custard to a blender. Add the goat cheese, butter, lemon juice, and salt and blend until smooth. Pour the custard into eight 3/4-cup ramekins and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. Top with raspberries and a light drizzle of honey and serve.


½ c. sugar
¼ c. water
1 tbsp. water
¼ c. coarsely chopped mint leaves
2 tsp. finely grated lime zest
¼ c. fresh lime juice
¼ c. Gin
1  cucumber
½ tsp. unflavored powdered gelatin
In a small saucepan, combine the sugar with the 1/4 cup of water and the mint. Bring to a boil. Cover, remove from the heat, and let stand for 15 minutes. Strain the mint syrup into a large bowl and let cool to room temperature. Whisk in the lime zest, lime juice, gin, and cucumber puree.
In a microwave-safe bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over the remaining 1 tablespoon of water and let stand until softened, 5 minutes. Microwave the mixture at high power for 8 seconds, until the gelatin dissolves. Whisk the gelatin into the cucumber mixture.
Arrange ten 2-ounce paper cups on a baking sheet. Pour the popsicle mixture into the cups and freeze for 1 hour, until partially frozen. Insert a stick in the center of each cup and freeze for 30 minutes longer, until fully frozen. Tear off the paper and serve.


1 c. sliced almonds
8 oz. bittersweet chocolate
½ c. hot brewed espresso or very strong coffee
2 tbsp. sugar
2 tbsp. dark rum
½ lb. white Pullman bread
1½ c. heavy cream
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a rimmed baking sheet and toast for about 8 minutes, until golden and fragrant. Let cool.
Meanwhile, in a large heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, melt the chocolate, stirring frequently, until smooth, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and keep warm.
In a small bowl, mix the espresso with the sugar until dissolved. Whisk in the rum. Stir this mixture into the melted chocolate and fold in the bread cubes; let stand for 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, using a handheld electric mixer, whip the cream until soft peaks form.
Spoon half of the soaked bread cubes and any excess chocolate into 6 parfait glasses. Top with half of the whipped cream and half of the almonds. Repeat with the remaining bread and chocolate, whipped cream, and almonds. Serve at once.


3 tbsp. unsalted butter
2  Golden Delicious apples
½ c. sugar
⅓ c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
1 pinch salt
3 large eggs
⅓ c. whole milk
¼ c. Crème fraîche
2 tbsp. Calvados
Soft ripened cheese
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a large skillet, melt the butter. Add the apples and cook over moderately high heat, stirring, for 1 minute. Add 1/4 cup of the sugar and cook, stirring, until the apples soften and lightly caramelize, 5 minutes. Scrape the apples and all of the liquid onto a plate and let cool.
In a bowl, whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt. In another bowl, whisk the eggs and remaining 1/4 cup of sugar until pale. Whisk in the flour mixture, milk, crème fraîche, and Calvados. Fold in the apples and their liquid. Pour the batter into six buttered and sugared, 5-by-3 1/2-inch shallow, oval baking dishes.
Bake for 35 minutes, until golden and just set. Let cool until warm, then run a knife around the edge of each clafoutis, and unmold onto plates. Serve with a wedge of cheese.


1 c. dried currants
1 envelope active dry yeast
granulated sugar
3 c. all-purpose flour
¾ tsp. freshly grated nutmeg
¼ tsp. cinnamon
¾ c. milk
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
1 stick unsalted butter
4 tbsp. melted butter
2 tsp. kosher salt
In a medium bowl, cover the currants with hot water and let stand until softened, 20 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir the yeast with 2 tablespoons of warm water and a pinch of sugar and let stand until foamy, 5 minutes.
In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine the flour, nutmeg, and cinnamon with 1/4 cup of sugar. Add the milk, egg, egg yolk, and half of the softened butter; beat at low speed for 3 minutes. Beat in the yeast, then add the salt. Beat the dough on medium speed until soft and silky, about 8 minutes; the dough should pull cleanly away from the bowl.
With the machine on, add the remaining softened butter to the dough in walnut-size lumps, beating at low speed between additions until incorporated. Drain the currants, pressing out any excess water; beat them into the dough on low speed. Transfer the dough to a greased bowl, cover, and let stand in a warm, draft-free spot until doubled in bulk, 1 hour. Punch it down, reform into a ball, and return to the bowl. Cover and let stand until billowy, 1 hour.
Butter 2 large baking sheets. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and cut it into 12 equal pieces. Pinch each piece into a ball and arrange 6 balls on each of the prepared baking sheets, smooth sides up. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand for 10 minutes. Using lightly floured hands, press each ball into a flat 4-inch disk. Using a 1 1/4-inch round cutter, stamp out the centers of each disk, and return the holes to the baking sheets. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and let stand for 1 hour, until risen slightly.
Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bake the doughnuts and holes for 25 minutes, shifting the pans from top to bottom and front to back halfway through; the doughnuts are done when they are golden and puffy and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 200 degrees F.
Spread sugar in a shallow bowl. Brush the hot doughnuts and holes on both sides with the melted butter and dredge them in sugar. Transfer them to a platter and serve.


½ c. heavy cream
1 c. semisweet chocolate chips
6 tbsp. coffee-flavored liqueur or coffee-flavored syrup
1  store-bought 8-in. angel food cake
Microwave cream in a medium glass bowl on high 1 minute until it simmers.
Add chocolate chips; let stand 1 minute. Whisk until chocolate is melted and smooth. Whisk in 2 Tbsp coffee flavored liqueur or syrup.
With a skewer, poke numerous holes into bottom of cake; brush with 2 Tbsp liqueur or syrup. Invert onto serving plate, poke holes into top of cake and brush with remaining liqueur or syrup.
Pour half of chocolate sauce (about 1/2 cup) evenly over top of cake; spread with a spatula so that some drips down the sides. Serve with remaining chocolate sauce.


1  egg white
¼ c. sugar
salt
1 pinch cinnamon
1 pinch cayenne
1 lb. Pecan halves
4 oz. blue cheese
6 slice baguette
4 oz. quince paste
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, beat egg white to stiff peaks. Stir in sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, cinnamon, and cayenne. Add pecans; toss to coat. Bake pecans on parchment-lined baking sheet for 30 minutes, stirring often.
Spread cheese on toast; top with quince paste and pecans and serve. Store leftover nuts in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks.


2  lemons
1  grapefruit
1  orange
1 c. mascarpone cheese
2 tbsp. sugar
7½ c. seedless watermelon balls (about an 8 to 10 pound watermelon)
Zest citrus and reserve. Over a bowl, segment citrus, reserving fruit and any residual juices.
In a blender, combine mascarpone, reserved citrus zests and fruit juices, and sugar; process mixture until smooth and sauce-like (if too thick, thin with a little water).
Divide melon into 8 bowls, then top with mascarpone mixture and citrus segments; serve cool.


2½ c. flour
.13 c. sugar
.13 c. granulated maple sugar
1½ tbsp. baking powder
½ c. butter
1  egg
¾ c. milk
16  in season strawberries
2 tbsp. white sugar
2 tbsp. port wine
1 c. cold whipping cream
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
3 tbsp. white sugar
2 c. Sliced fresh strawberries
2 tbsp. white sugar
1 splash lemon juice
mint sprigs
Maple crunch scones:
Using a round 4-inch cookie cutter, cut scones. Makes approximately 12 scones. Score and place on a lightly greased baking sheet. Bake  for 15 minutes or until golden brown. Allow them to cool and cut them in half.
Marinated local strawberries:
Chantilly cream:
Strawberry coulis:
Assembly:


1 box instant vanilla pudding mix
1 c. reduced-fat sour cream
½ c. milk
1  store-bought 8-in. angel food cake
¼ c. raspberry preserves
2 tbsp. raspberry preserves
1 c. fresh raspberries
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
1 tbsp. lime juice
Garnish: grated lime zest and raspberries, optional
In a medium bowl, whisk pudding mix, sour cream and milk 2 minutes until blended and thickened.
Invert cake onto serving plate; cut horizontally into 3 equal layers.
Spread bottom layer with 1/4 cup raspberry preserves; top with half the raspberries. Spread 3/4 cup pudding on top. Place second cake layer over pudding; spread with remaining preserves, raspberries and 1/2 cup pudding. Top with remaining cake layer.
Stir confectioners' sugar and lime juice in a small bowl until blended and smooth. Spoon on top of cake, letting some drip down sides. Garnish with lime zest and additional raspberries, if using.


1 box yellow cake mix
1 box vanilla instant pudding and pie filling mix
4 large eggs
1 c. water
⅓ c. oil
3½ can vanilla frosting
Red, orange, leaf green, yellow and black gel or paste food color
Chocolate-covered raisins (Raisinets)
You’ll also need: pastry bag, coupler, petal decorating tip 101S or 101 or basketweave tip 44 or 47
Heat oven to 350ºF. Coat two 9-in. round cake pans with nonstick spray. Line bottoms with wax paper; coat with spray.
Combine cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, water and oil in a large bowl. Beat at medium speed with electric mixer for 2 minutes. Pour evenly into prepared pans. Bake 30 to 35 minutes until wooden pick inserted in centers comes out clean.
Cool in pans on wire rack 15 minutes; invert cakes onto rack, remove paper and cool completely.
Tint one can frosting red-orange. Using leaf green, yellow and a bit of black, tint one can frosting pale green. Remove 1/2 cup pale green frosting to a pastry bag fitted with decorating tip. Using more leaf green and black food color, tint remaining pale green frosting until it turns dark green.
Stack cake layers on a cutting board; cut crosswise in half. Set one piece aside.
For large melon slice: Sandwich 3 cake layer halves with 1/3 cup white frosting between each (invert top layer so flat side is up). For small melon wedges: Cut reserved piece of cake into 3 wedges. Frost slice and wedges with a thin layer of remaining white frosting.
Frost rounded edges of cakes with dark green frosting. Using flat slide of decorating tip, pipe pale green frosting along edge of dark green frosting on sides and top. Pipe squiggly lines onto sides over dark green frosting. With spatula, smear pale green lines to create the look of watermelon skin.
Reserve 1/2 cup red-orange frosting. With remaining red-orange frosting, frost top and straight sides of cakes, leaving about 1/2-in. border of white frosting. Cut chocolate-covered raisins in half lengthwise. Place cut-side up into red-orange frosting for pits. Refrigerate several hours or overnight to set.
Remove large melon slice to serving tray, standing it on rounded edge. Frost back side of cake with reserved red-orange frosting; decorate with additional chocolate-covered raisins. Place small wedges on tray with large slice. (To serve large cake, place it back onto a flat side before cutting into slices.)


1¾ c. all-purpose flour
.67 c. sugar
1½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. each ground nutmeg and salt
½ c. milk
2 large eggs
¼ c. unsalted butter
2 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
1½ lb. ripe peaches
2 tbsp. each all-purpose flour and packed brown sugar
1½ tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ tsp. ground cinnamon
Confectioners’ sugar, for dusting
Heat oven to 350°F. Coat a 9 x 3-in. springform pan with baking spray.
Whisk flour, sugar, baking powder, nutmeg and salt in large bowl to combine. In a small bowl, whisk milk, eggs, butter, vanilla and zest. Pour over flour mixture, mixing just until smooth, about 1 minute. Spread evenly over bottom of pan. Top with peach slices.
Rub ingredients together with fingers in bowl until moistened and clumpy. Scatter between peaches.
Bake 1 hour 15 minutes, or until lightly golden and a pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Remove cake from pan. Dust top with confectioners' sugar.


½ c. honey
½ pt. blueberries
2 tbsp. lemon juice
2½ pinch raspberry sorbet
2½ pt. vanilla ice cream
½ pt. each blueberries and raspberries
Garnish: mint sprigs
Combine honey and blueberries in 2-qt saucepan and bring to a boil; boil 2 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in lemon juice. Transfer mixture to a blender and purée until smooth. Let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate. (Can be made up to 3 days ahead.)
Let sorbet and ice cream soften slightly at room temperature. For each serving, scoop about 1⁄3 cup sorbet into each serving dish, then top with 1⁄3 cup vanilla ice cream (Sundaes can be assembled up to this point 8 hours ahead and placed in freezer.)
To serve, top each sundae with about 2 Tbsp blueberry sauce and 1⁄4 cup mixed berries. Garnish with mint sprigs.


3½ c. Saskatoon berries
½ c. water
¾ c. sugar
3 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. lemon juice
1 tbsp. butter
½ tsp. almond extract
2 c. pastry flour
1 tsp. salt
½ c. lard
¼ c. cold water
Pie filling:
Pastry:
Pour pie filling into pastry lined pie plate. Create top crust with extra pastry. Bake at 425 degrees F for 15 minutes. Cool.


6 c. cubed seedless watermelon
¼ c. sugar
¼ c. lime juice
Purée watermelon in a food processor. Add sugar and lime juice; pulse until sugar is dissolved.
Pour into a 13 x 9-in. metal baking pan. Freeze 2 1⁄2 hours, stirring each hour, mixing ice crystals into the middle of the pan.
Let granita stand for 10 minutes at room temperature. Scrape into chilled glasses and serve at once.


4  black tea bags
4  berry-hibiscus herbal tea bags (we like Celestial Seasonings Red Zinger)
8 c. water
¼ c. superfine sugar
2 tbsp. lemon juice
ice cubes
½ c. each raspberries and blueberries
½ c. strawberries
Thin lemon slices
Place tea bags in a heatproof pitcher. In a 4-qt saucepan, heat water to a boil. Pour it into the pitcher and steep tea bags for 10 minutes. Remove tea bags; let cool and refrigerate, covered, until cold, about 1 hour.
Stir in sugar and lemon juice. Add ice, berries and lemon slices to pitcher.


1½ bar German’s sweet chocolate
½ c. water
Whites of 4 large eggs
¼ tsp. salt
½  sugar
1¼ c. sugar
2 stick butter
Yolks of 4 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
1 tsp. baking soda
2 c. flour
1 c. buttermilk or plain yogurt
Caramel Cream Frosting (recipe follows)
Garnish: 1 bar (4 oz) German’s sweet chocolate, finely chopped in a food processor, or 1 Tbsp chocolate drink-mix powder
Melt chocolate in water in microwave or in a heavy 1-qt saucepan over very low heat, stirring until chocolate melts and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat.
Position racks to divide oven in thirds. Heat to 350°F. Lightly grease bottoms of three 9-in.-round cake pans. Line with parchment or waxed paper and grease again. Coat lightly with flour, tapping out any excess.
Beat egg whites and salt in a large bowl with mixer on high speed. Gradually add the 1/2 cup sugar, beating until stiff peaks form when beaters are lifted. (Whites will be very thick, white and glossy.) Scrape whites into another bowl.
Beat butter and the 1 1/4 cups sugar in same bowl (no need to wash bowl or beaters first) until pale and creamy. Add yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each. Beat in chocolate mixture, vanilla and baking soda.
With mixer on low speed, beat in flour in 3 additions, alternating with buttermilk in 2 additions. Stir in about 1/4 the beaten whites, then gently fold in remaining whites until just blended. Divide among cake pans; spread evenly.
Bake 2 pans on one rack, 1 on the other, 35 minutes or until cakes come away from pan sides and spring back when lightly touched in centers. Remove pans to a wire rack and run a knife between cakes and sides of pans. Let cool 5 minutes; run knife around cakes again. Invert onto rack, remove waxed paper and let cakes cool completely.
Place 1 layer on serving plate. Spread 1 cup frosting to 1/2 in. from edge. Top with second layer and 1 more cup frosting. Cover with third layer. Spread 1 cup frosting thinly over top and sides (to set the crumbs). If desired, cover cake and remaining frosting and refrigerate up to 2 days.
Up to 1 day before serving: Whip remaining frosting and swirl over top and sides of cake.
Place chopped chocolate on a sheet of waxed paper on kitchen counter next to cake. Pick up chocolate with a small metal spatula and press lightly against frosting around side of cake, or sift drink-mix powder over cake. Cover with a large bowl or use a cake keeper; refrigerate until ready to serve.
Caramel Cream Frosting: 3 cups (1 1/2 pt) heavy (whipping) cream, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 Tbsp butter, 1 tsp vanilla. Have ready a heavy saucepan no more than 6 to 7 in. in diameter, a bowl (wider than bottom of saucepan) filled with cold water, and a candy thermometer.
Pour 1/2 cup cream into saucepan, resting bulb of candy thermometer in liquid. Add sugar and butter and stir over low heat until sugar dissolves and mixture boils. Continue boiling, without stirring, until candy thermometer registers 238°F, or a small amount dropped into cold water forms a soft ball. Immediately remove from heat and place bottom of pan in bowl with water. Let cool to lukewarm (about 110°F).
Beat remaining 2 1/2 cups cream and the vanilla in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until soft peaks form when beaters are lifted. Whisk or stir about 1/2 cup into the caramel, then another 1/2 cup. Add caramel mixture to remaining whipped cream and beat a few seconds until stiff. Use immediately, or cover and refrigerate up to 2 days. Rewhip briefly before using. Makes about 5 cups.


1 lb. frozen strawberries
1 c. 2% plain Greek yogurt
¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. vanilla extract
strawberries
In food processor with knife blade attached, pulse 1 cup strawberries until finely chopped. Transfer chopped berries to large metal bowl.
In food processor, puree yogurt, sugar, vanilla, and remaining strawberries until smooth. Transfer to bowl with strawberries; stir until well combined.
Cover and freeze about 1 hour, until firm but not hard. Garnish with strawberries.


2 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. balsamic vinegar
1 tbsp. water
1 pt. blackberries
vanilla ice cream
In medium bowl, stir together sugar, vinegar, and water until sugar dissolves.
Stir in blackberries. Serve with vanilla ice cream.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
.13 tsp. baking soda
.13 tsp. salt
1 stick butter (no substitutions)
⅓ c. granulated sugar
1 large egg yolk
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1¼ oz. hard red candies
1¼ oz. hard blue candies
½ c. confectioners' sugar
2 tsp. water
4½ tsp. white sparkling sugar
Prepare cookies:
While dough is chilling, place each color of hard candy in a separate heavy-duty plastic bag; seal bags. Place 1 bag on towel-covered work surface. With meat mallet or heavy skillet, crush candies into small pieces about the size of coarsely chopped nuts, being careful not to crush until powdery. Repeat with remaining candies.
Place 2 racks in center of oven. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment. Remove dough from refrigerator and place between 2 sheets parchment paper; roll to scant 1/4 inch thick. Remove top sheet of parchment. With 3- to 4-inch star-shaped cookie cutter, cut out as many cookies as possible. Transfer stars to prepared cookie sheet (using metal spatula if necessary); place 1 inch apart. Press together trimmings; reroll and cut out additional stars, repeating as necessary.
Cut out centers of cookies with 1 1/2- to 2-inch star-shaped cookie cutter. Transfer center stars to large sheet parchment, 1 inch apart. (If necessary, lift one point of center star with tip of knife; ease small metal spatula underneath to remove.)
Bake large stars 7 minutes. Remove cookie sheets from oven; fill each cookie's center with 1 teaspoon crushed candy. Return to oven and bake 5 to 8 minutes longer or until edges are lightly browned and candy is melted. Slide cookies on parchment onto wire racks to cool completely. Slide parchment with center stars onto 1 cookie sheet. Immediately bake center stars 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown. Slide cookies on parchment onto wire rack to cool completely.
Prepare icing:


2 c. all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. salt
1 c. granulated sugar
1½ stick butter or margarine
1  lemon
3 large eggs
1 c. low-fat buttermilk
8 oz. reduced-fat cream cheese (Neufchatel)
1 c. confectioner's sugar
½ pt. blueberries
1 pt. raspberries
1 c. sweetened flaked coconut
Prepare cupcakes
On sheet of waxed paper, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside. In large bowl, with mixer on medium-high speed, beat granulated sugar and 8 tablespoons butter 5 minutes or until pale and fluffy, scraping bowl with rubber spatula. From lemon, grate 3 teaspoons peel; reserve 1 teaspoon peel and set aside. With mixer on medium-high speed, add remaining 2 teaspoons peel to butter mixture and beat 1 minute. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition and scraping bowl with rubber spatula. With mixer on low speed, add flour mixture into egg mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture, just until blended.
Divide batter evenly among cupcake liners. Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown and toothpick inserted into center of cupcake comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Remove from pans; cool completely on wire racks. (Cupcakes can be stored, well-wrapped, at room temperature up to 2 days, or in freezer up to 1 month.)
Prepare frosting
Spread frosting on cupcakes. Top 4 cupcakes with blueberries, 8 with raspberries, and 8 with coconut; arrange on platter to resemble American flag.


1 stick butter
1 c. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. baking soda
½ tsp. each baking powder and salt
1 large egg
1 tsp. vanilla extract
½ c. Unsweetened cocoa powder
1 c. 1% lowfat milk
2 c. all-purpose flour
¾ stick butter
1 c. confectioners’ sugar
2 tbsp. confectioners’ sugar
1 c. marshmallow cream (such as Marshmallow Fluff)
2 tbsp. marshmallow cream (such as Marshmallow Fluff)
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
Heat oven to 375°F. Coat baking sheet(s) with nonstick spray.
Beat butter, sugar, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla, then cocoa until blended. With mixer on low speed, slowly beat in milk until blended. By hand, stir in flour. Drop level tablespoons 2 in. apart on prepared baking sheet(s).
Bake 8 minutes or until tops spring back when lightly pressed. Cool on baking sheet 1 minute before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with remaining batter.
With a wooden spoon, vigorously mix all ingredients until blended and smooth.
Spread 2 tsp onto flat side of half the cookies; top each with another cookie, pressing to adhere.


1½ c. unsalted butter
3 c. cake flour (not self-rising)
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
2¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 c. milk
8  egg whites
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 12-by-18-by-1-inch rimmed baking sheet, tapping out any excess flour; set aside.
In a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, and salt; set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter and 2 cups sugar until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes, scraping down sides of the bowl as needed. Beat in vanilla. With mixer on low speed, add flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the milk and beginning and ending with the flour; beat until just combined. Transfer mixture to a large bowl; set aside.
In the clean bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites on low speed until foamy. With mixer running, gradually add remaining 1/4 cup sugar; beat on high speed until stiff, glossy peaks form, about 4 minutes. Do not overbeat. Gently fold a third of the egg-white mixture into the butter-flour mixture until combined. Gently fold in remaining egg-white mixture.
Transfer batter to prepared baking sheet and smooth batter evenly with a spatula or back of a spoon. Transfer to oven and bake until a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool 10 minutes. Invert cake onto rack, then reinvert and let cool completely.


4 large egg whites
1 pinch salt
1 c. superfine sugar
2 tbsp. superfine sugar
1 tsp. cornstarch
2 tsp. white-wine vinegar
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
1¼ c. heavy cream
10  passion fruits (optional)
4  bananas (optional)
Mixed berries (optional), such as raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, boysenberries, or blackberries
Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Using an 8-inch bowl as a guide, trace the perimeter of the bowl onto a sheet of parchment paper. Transfer parchment paper, pencil side down, to a baking sheet. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites and salt together until glossy peaks form. With mixer running, add sugar in three additions, beating until meringue is stiff and glossy. Sprinkle in cornstarch, vinegar, and vanilla; gently fold to combine.
Mound the meringue in the center of the 8-inch circle. Using a spatula, evenly spread meringue out towards the edges. Transfer baking sheet to oven and immediately reduce the temperature to 250 degrees. Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes.
Turn off oven and let meringue cool completely in oven. When meringue is cool and completely dry, top with whipped cream and desired fruits.


6 oz. raspberries
4 oz. strawberries
5 oz. pitted whole cherries
3½ tsp. fresh lemon juice
½ c. sugar
16 oz. blueberries
2 qt. vanilla ice cream
½ c. whole milk
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
Combine raspberries, strawberries, cherries, 1 1/2 teaspoons lemon juice, and  1/4 cup sugar in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until berries release their juices, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, and refrigerate until cold.
Combine remaining 2 teaspoons lemon juice and  1/4 cup sugar with 2 cups blueberries in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until berries release their juices, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Let cool completely. Stir in remaining 2 cups blueberries, cover, and refrigerate until cold.
Whisk ice cream, milk, and vanilla in a large bowl. Spoon  1/4 cup of either fruit mixture into the bottom of a glass. Top with milk shake. Repeat with remaining fruit and milk shake. Garnish milk shakes with fresh fruit, and serve immediately.


2 c. sifted all-purpose flour
½ tsp. baking powder
¼ tsp. salt
4 oz. unsalted butter
1 c. sugar
1  large egg
1 tsp. pure vanilla extract
2 qt. vanilla ice cream
2 qt. raspberry sorbet
blueberries
Make the cookies:
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Roll out 1 disk of dough to just less than an inch thick on a lightly floured surface. Using a paring knife, cut out spoon shapes, each about 3 inches long. Get the spoon template here.
Transfer to baking sheets. Chill in freezer for 15 minutes. Roll out scraps, and repeat once.
Bake until cookies are golden around the edges, about 12 minutes. Transfer sheets to wire racks to cool. Repeat with remaining dough.
Make the sundaes:


5 c. cake flour (not self-rising)
2 tsp. baking powder
1½ tsp. salt
12 oz. unsalted butter
1⅓ c. granulated sugar
4  large egg yolks
1 tbsp. pure vanilla extract
2 tbsp. heavy cream
¾ c. raspberry jam
¾ c. blueberry jam
2 tbsp. Sanding sugar
Sift flour, baking powder, and salt into a large bowl. Cream butter and granulated sugar, with a mixer on medium speed, until pale and fluffy. Beat in yolks and vanilla until well combined. Add flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with cream and beating well after each addition. Shape dough into 4 disks, wrap each in plastic, and refrigerate for at least 3 hours (or up to 3 days).
On floured parchment, roll 1 disk of dough into a 1/8-inch-thick rectangle. Repeat with remaining disks. Stack sheets of dough and parchment, and refrigerate for 1 hour or freeze for 30 minutes.
Spread raspberry jam on 1 sheet of dough, blueberry jam on another. Top each with a plain sheet of dough. Refrigerate for 1 hour or freeze for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Cut out cookies using a 2 1/2-inch star-shaped cutter, and space 1 inch apart on parchment-lined baking sheets. Brush with cream, and sprinkle with sanding sugar. Refrigerate for 30 minutes or freeze for 15 minutes.
Bake, rotating sheets halfway through, until golden, 16 to 20 minutes. Transfer cookies to wire racks, and let cool completely. If desired, bake dough scraps.


1 c. unsalted butter
2¾ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. cake flour (not self-rising)
1 tbsp. baking powder
1 tsp. salt
2¼ c. granulated sugar
1½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
3  large eggs
1  large egg white
1 c. whole milk
1½ c. heavy cream
1 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
1 c. fresh blueberries
1 c. fresh raspberries
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter two 8 1/2-by-4 1/2-inch loaf pans. Line with parchment paper, allowing a 1-inch overhang on long sides. Butter parchment; set aside. Whisk together flours, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl; set aside.
Put butter, granulated sugar, and vanilla into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; mix on medium speed until pale and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Mix in eggs, 1 at a time. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture in 2 batches, alternating with the milk.
Divide batter evenly between prepared pans. Bake until dark golden and a cake tester inserted into centers comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack 15 minutes. Lift cakes out; let cool completely on rack. Trim tops of cakes level. Cakes can be stored at room temperature, covered, up to 1 day.
Put cream and confectioners' sugar into the clean bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment; beat on medium-high speed until soft peaks form. Transfer whipped cream to a pastry bag fitted with a leaf tip (such as Ateco #113). Pipe a ruffled pattern on tops of cakes. Pile blueberries in center of 1 cake, and raspberries in center of the other.


2  recipes

1½ pt. fresh blueberries
1½ pt. fresh raspberries
Trim any rough edges from cakes using a serrated knife. Place four strips of parchment paper around the perimeter of a serving platter. Place first layer, bottom side up, on serving platter. Using an offset spatula, spread cake with 2 1/2 cups frosting. Top with remaining layer, bottom side up. Spread entire cake with 5 1/2 cups frosting. Place remaining frosting in a large pastry bag fitted with a star tip (such as Ateco #35). Remove parchment paper strips.
Using the tip of a toothpick, outline the shape of a flag on the cake. Fill the upper left-hand corner with a single layer of blueberries. Place one row of raspberries across upper edge of cake to form first red stripe. Pipe one row of stars just below raspberries to form first white stripe. Repeat process with remaining raspberries and frosting until you have 7 red and 6 white stripes.


4½ lb. fresh red currants
3 c. sugar
3 envelope unflavored gelatin (about 6 3/4 teaspoons)
2 envelope unflavored gelatin (about 4 1/2 teaspoons)
3½ c. whole milk
1 c. heavy cream
¾ c. sugar
1½ lb. fresh blueberries
2 oz. fresh currants
Make the currant gelatin:
Put 1/3 cup cold water into a small bowl; sprinkle with gelatin. Let soften 5 minutes. Add to currant mixture; stir until gelatin has dissolved, about 5 minutes.
Pour through a fine sieve into a bowl set in an ice-water bath, gently pressing out liquid with a spoon; discard solids. Remove from water bath, and let stand, stirring occasionally, until cool but not set. Pour 3 to 4 tablespoons currant gelatin into each of twelve 8- to 10-ounce glasses; set remaining currant gelatin aside. Refrigerate glasses until gelatin is completely set, about 1 hour.
Meanwhile, make the panna cotta: Put 1/3 cup cold water into a small bowl; sprinkle with gelatin. Let soften 5 minutes.
Put milk, cream, and sugar into a medium saucepan; bring almost to a boil. Reduce to a simmer. Add gelatin mixture, and stir until gelatin has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Pour through a fine sieve into a bowl set in an ice-water bath. Remove from water bath; let stand, stirring occasionally, until cool but not set.
Spoon 3 to 4 tablespoons panna cotta over currant gelatin in each glass; set remaining panna cotta aside. Refrigerate glasses until panna cotta is set, about 1 hour. Repeat with another layer of currant gelatin and panna cotta. If either mixture becomes too firm, set over a pot of simmering water until softened.
To serve, top each parfait with blueberries and currants, dividing evenly.


Vegetable-oil cooking spray
3 c. all-purpose flour
Coarse salt
12 oz. unsalted butter
1 c. light-brown sugar
2 tbsp. light brown sugar
32 oz. cream cheese
1½ c. granulated sugar
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
¼ tsp. pure almond extract
4 large eggs
6 oz. blackberries
8¾ oz. blueberries
1 lb. strawberries (optional)
confectioners' sugar
12 oz. raspberries
Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Coat a 13-by-18-inch rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Line with parchment, leaving a 2-inch overhang on the long sides. Coat parchment with spray.
Sift flour and 1 3/4 teaspoons salt into a bowl. Cream butter with a mixer on medium-high speed, occasionally scraping bowl, until fluffy, 3 to 5 minutes. With the mixer running, slowly add light-brown sugar, beating until very pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add flour mixture all at once, and beat on low speed until just incorporated.
Transfer dough to sheet. Use a large piece of plastic wrap to press dough into an even layer that covers the bottom of the sheet. Cover and refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes.
Bake dough until entire surface is golden brown, about 40 minutes. Let cool completely in sheet on a wire rack. Raise oven temperature to 350.
In a clean bowl, beat cream cheese with a mixer on medium speed, occasionally scraping bowl, until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce speed to low, and add granulated sugar in a slow, steady stream. Scrape bowl, then mix in lemon zest, vanilla and almond extracts, and a pinch of salt until well combined. Scrape bowl, then beat in eggs, 1 at a time, until incorporated. The mixture should be very smooth; scrape bowl as necessary. Pour over crust, and spread into an even layer.
Bake until filling is set, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely in sheet on rack. Refrigerate until firm and cold, about 4 hours (or overnight).
Run a sharp knife along short sides of sheet, and use parchment to lift out cheesecake. Run knife under hot water and dry well. Use it to cut cheesecake into 48 squares, wiping knife clean between cuts.
Transfer squares to a serving platter, reforming the rectangle. Decorate top left squares (3 down and 4 across), placing a blackberry in the center of each square and mounding blueberries around it. Using a long offset spatula, slide out 4 squares from bottom row. Top each square with 3 strawberry slices, dust with confectioners' sugar, and return to rectangle. Repeat with remaining 4 squares on bottom row and then squares on alternating rows. Alternatively, omit strawberries and dust alternating rows generously with confectioners' sugar. Place raspberries on every unadorned row, beginning with top row. Serve immediately (or refrigerate overnight).


6  graham crackers
⅓ c. whole almonds
1¼ c. sugar
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
2 bar reduced-fat cream cheese
½ c. reduced-fat sour cream
1 large egg
½ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
4  red plums
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1 pt. blueberries
Make crust:
Make filling and bake:
Meanwhile,
Assemble tart:


¼ c. sugar
⅓ c. sugar
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
1  store-bought pound cake
1 bar reduced-fat cream cheese
1 c. heavy cream
3 c. fresh blueberries
3 c. fresh raspberries
Make lemon syrup:
With an electric mixer, beat cream cheese with remaining 1/3 cup sugar on high speed until lightened. With mixer on medium speed, gradually add heavy cream in a steady stream; continue beating until mixture is light and airy (mixture will be like a very soft whipped cream).
Arrange half the cake pieces in the bottom of a 2-quart serving dish. Spoon half the cream-cheese mixture over cake in dollops; spread to sides of dish. Scatter half the blueberries and raspberries on top. Repeat layering with remaining cake, cream-cheese mixture, and berries, piling berries in the center.
Cover, and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour and up to overnight.


4 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. all-purpose flour
5 oz. rhubarb
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. sugar
½ tsp. baking powder
1 pinch Coarse salt
2 large eggs
1  vanilla bean
1 handful handful blackberries (about 1/3 cup)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 13 3/4-by-4 1/4-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom, and set aside. Combine the rhubarb and cup sugar in a medium bowl, and allow to sit, stirring occasionally, until the rhubarb has released its juice and the sugar has dissolved, about 45 minutes.
Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a small bowl; set aside. Cream the butter with 2/3 cup sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Slice vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Scrape seeds from pod, and add seeds to the mixture. Beat to combine. Add reserved flour mixture, and beat to combine. Using a rubber spatula, spoon batter into the prepared pan, and spread flat.
Strain rhubarb, discarding juice; add blackberries, and toss to combine. Spoon fruit on top of the batter in the pan, sprinkle with remaining tablespoon sugar, place in the oven, and bake until the cake is golden and center is set, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven, and place on a wire rack to cool slightly before removing tart pan.


1 lb. rhubarb
¼ c. sugar
½  vanilla bean
unsalted butter
heavy cream
Place rhubarb and 1/4 cup sugar in a large bowl. Scrape vanilla seeds into bowl and add pod. Toss to combine; let stand 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Butter an 8-inch square baking dish and coat with sugar, tapping out any excess. Transfer rhubarb mixture to baking dish and bake, gently stirring halfway through, until tender, about 30 minutes. Discard vanilla pod. Let cool slightly in dish on a wire rack. Serve warm drizzled with heavy cream.


6 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. packed light-brown sugar
¼ tsp. finely grated orange zest (optional, when making
1 c. all-purpose flour
1 pinch salt
Put butter and brown sugar, and orange zest if desired, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until creamy. Stir in flour and salt. Work mixture through fingers until it forms coarse crumbs ranging in size from peas to gum balls.


⅓ c.
4 oz.
sparkling water
Place two-thirds of the rhubarb in a tall glass, and top with half of the sorbet. Add remaining rhubarb and sorbet. Pour in sparkling water to fill. Drizzle with poaching liquid. Serve immediately.


1½ lb. rhubarb
2 c. raspberries or sliced strawberries or a combination
1¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. instant tapioca
½ tsp. finely grated orange zest
2 tbsp. fresh orange juice
1 pinch salt

Vanilla yogurt (optional)
Preheat oven to 375  degrees. Stir together rhubarb, berries, sugar, tapioca, orange zest, orange juice, and salt in a bowl. Let stand 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Divide rhubarb mixture among 6 small ceramic baking dishes (1 cup capacity and 5 1/2 inches in diameter). Transfer baking dishes to a rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Sprinkle with topping, dividing evenly.
Bake until topping turns golden and juices are bubbling, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool on sheet on a wire rack 30 minutes. Serve with yogurt, if desired.


1 lb. trimmed rhubarb
¼ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. water
8 oz. ripe strawberries
1 c. heavy cream
½ c. milk
2 tbsp. kirsch
Place rhubarb, 1 cup sugar, and the water in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to medium-low; let simmer, stirring frequently, until rhubarb is very tender and beginning to fall apart, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat; transfer to a bowl; set aside.
Place strawberries in the bowl of a food processor; puree. Strain through a fine sieve or chinois into a bowl; set aside.
Scald cream and milk in a saucepan over medium heat. Do not let boil. Remove from heat, add remaining 6 tablespoons sugar, and stir until sugar is dissolved. Allow mixture to cool to room temperature.
In a medium bowl, combine cooked rhubarb, strawberry puree, cream mixture, and kirsch. Cover with plastic wrap, and chill at least 2 hours or overnight. Freeze in an ice-cream maker according to the manufacturer's instructions.


5 tbsp. meringue powder
½ c. water
1 box confectioners' sugar
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat meringue powder and water on low. Add confectioners' sugar, scrape sides, and beat until soft peaks form, about 10 minutes. To thin icing for filling in shapes, or "flooding" add a little more water.


1 lb. mixed strawberries and blueberries
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
1 tbsp. lemon juice
¼ c. sugar
¾ tsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
4  12-inch squares of heavy-duty aluminum foil
4  slices of pound cake
Crème fraîche or vanilla ice cream
Light a grill. In a medium bowl, combine the strawberries and blueberries with the lemon zest, lemon juice, sugar, and cornstarch. Spoon 1/4 tablespoon of the butter in the center of each sheet of foil and top with the fruit. Bring 2 sides of the foil up over the fruit and fold to form a seam across the top. Fold the remaining 2 sides to seal the hobo packs completely.
Grill the hobo packs over moderate heat until the fruit is sizzling, about 10 minutes.
Spread the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter on the pound cake and grill on both sides just until toasted, about 1 minute. Transfer to plates. Open the hobo packs and pour the berries and juices over the pound cake. Serve with a dollop of crème fraîche or ice cream.




1 c. kamut flakes
1 c. pecans
½ c. salted roasted cashews
½ c. agave nectar
¼ c. smooth peanut butter
5  dried figs
1 tbsp. flaxseeds
1 tbsp. canola oil
Finely grated zest of 1 lemon
1 c. dried blueberries or currants
½ c. unsweetened coconut flakes
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. In a food processor, pulse the kamut, pecans, cashews, agave nectar, peanut butter, figs, flaxseeds, canola oil, and lemon zest until coarsely chopped. Add the blueberries and coconut and pulse just until incorporated.
Scrape the mixture into a large bowl and stir well. Form the mixture into 12 bars or rounds, 3/4 inch thick, and arrange them on the prepared baking sheet 1 inch apart. Bake for 25 minutes, until the bars are browned around the edges. Let the bars cool completely on the baking sheet before serving.


8 whole graham crackers
¼ c. Nutella
¼ c. marshmallow Fluff
2 small ripe bananas
2 tbsp. chopped salted roasted hazelnuts
4  8-inch squares of parchment paper
4  12-inch squares of heavy-duty aluminum foil
Light a grill. Spread 4 graham crackers with the Nutella; spread the remaining 4 with marshmallow fluff. Press the bananas onto the Nutella and sprinkle with the hazelnuts. Sandwich the graham crackers together. Wrap them in the parchment paper and then in foil.
Grill the s'mores over moderate heat for about 10 minutes, turning once or twice, until the marshmallow fluff is gooey and lightly toasted. Remove the foil, peel back the parchment, and serve.


8  individual Twinkies
¾ c. Nutella
6  Oreo cookies
½ c. mini marshmallows
¼ c. chocolate toffee pieces
1  regular cedar plank
Preheat grill to medium-low heat. Arrange the Twinkies on the plank. Slather the top of the Twinkies evenly with Nutella. Sprinkle with Oreo chunks, mini marshmallows, and chocolate toffee pieces.
Place plank on grill and close lid. Allow Twinkies to heat and smoke slowly for 15 minutes, until marshmallows are golden brown and everything is heated through. Remove from grill and serve immediately with a big glass of milk.


2½ c. sugar
1 c. whole milk
4  egg yolks
pinch of salt
2 c. fresh peaches
1 c. half-and-half
1 c. whipping cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
In a medium saucepan, whisk together sugar, milk, egg yolks, and salt. Place pan over medium-high heat and whisk until mixture reaches a simmer. Lower heat to medium and whisk mixture for 5 minutes or until it begins to thicken. Strain into a large bowl, then whisk in peaches, half-and-half, cream, and vanilla. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.
Pour mixture into ice-cream maker; process according to manufacturer instructions.


2 c. half-and-half
4  eggs
½ c. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
1 c. whipping cream
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 c. huckleberries
In a medium saucepan, whisk together half-and-half, eggs, sugar, and salt. Place pan over medium- high heat and whisk mixture until bubbly. Strain into a large bowl and cool; then whisk in cream, vanilla, and berries. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.
Pour mixture into ice-cream maker; process according to manufacturer instructions.


3 oz. cream cheese
1 c. sugar
1½ c. pureéd, strained raspberries
1 c. whipping cream
1 c. whole milk
In a large bowl, whisk cream cheese until smooth; add sugar and continue whisking until combined. Whisk in raspberries, followed by cream and milk until fully incorporated.
Pour mixture into ice-cream maker; process according to manufacturer instructions.


2½ c. whole milk
1¾ c. sugar
1 c. whipping cream
6 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
2 tsp. lemon zest
In a large bowl, whisk together all ingredients until sugar dissolves.
Pour mixture into ice-cream maker; process according to manufacturer instructions.


1 c. orange juice
⅓ c. honey
1 tsp. ground ginger
6 medium peaches
2 c. low-fat biscuit mix
¼ c. yellow stone-ground cornmeal
¼ c. crystallized ginger
2 tbsp. turbinado sugar
1 tsp. turbinado sugar
.67 c. 2% milk
all-purpose flour
oil
In a shallow dish, combine orange juice, honey, and ginger. Add peaches and marinate at room temperature for 1 hour, turning occasionally. Preheat oven to 450°F.
In a medium bowl, combine biscuit mix, cornmeal, crystallized ginger, and 2 tablespoons sugar. Using your fingers, toss mixture to break up any clumps of chopped ginger. Stir in milk until just combined.
Turn dough onto a lightly floured surface, knead twice, and pat into 7-inch square. Cut into 4 equal pieces and pat sides to round edges. Transfer biscuits to a parchment-lined baking pan, lightly brush with milk, and sprinkle tops with remaining 1 teaspoon sugar. Bake until golden, 11 to 12 minutes. Cool biscuits on a wire rack.
Heat grill to medium-low and brush grates liberally with oil. Remove peaches from marinade (reserve liquid) and grill, cut-side down, for 12 minutes. Then flip and continue to grill until peaches are easily pierced with a skewer, 12 to 15 more minutes.
Meanwhile, in a medium pot, bring marinade to a boil until reduced by about one-third, about 10 minutes. Place each biscuit into a bowl, add 3 peach halves, and top with warm sauce.


2 c. whole milk
1 c. sugar
4  egg yolks
pinch of salt
2 c. half-and-half
2 c. whipping cream
2 tsp. vanilla extract
In a medium saucepan, whisk together milk, sugar, egg yolks, and salt. Place pan over medium- high heat and whisk until mixture reaches a simmer. Lower heat to medium and whisk for 5 minutes or until mixture begins to thicken. Strain mixture into a large bowl, then whisk in half-and- half, cream, and vanilla. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours.
Pour mixture into ice-cream maker; process according to manufacturer instructions.


2 c. milk
1 c. uncooked extra long-grain white rice
½ tsp. salt
2¾ c. half-and-half
4  egg yolks
½ c. sugar
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
20  caramels
½ c. chopped toasted pecans
Stir first 3 ingredients and 2 cups half-and-half in a large saucepan. Cover and cook over medium-low heat, stirring often, 35 to 40 minutes or until rice is tender.
Whisk together egg yolks, 1/2 cup half-and half, and sugar. Gradually stir about 1/4 hot rice mixture into yolk mixture; stir yolk mixture into remaining hot mixture. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture reaches 160 degrees F and is thickened and bubbly (about 7 minutes). Remove from heat; stir in vanilla.
Stir together caramels and remaining 1/4 cup half-and-half in a small saucepan over medium-low heat until smooth. Stir in pecans. Serve praline sauce over rice pudding.


1  Granny Smith apple
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
½ loaf Italian bread
Vegetable cooking spray
3 large eggs
1½ c. 2% reduced-fat milk
1 c. apple cider
¼ c. firmly packed brown sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¼ tsp. ground nutmeg
¼ c. chopped pecans
¾ c. sugar
1 tsp. light corn syrup
½ c. evaporated milk
1½ tsp. butter
Prepare the bread pudding:
Whisk together eggs, milk, apple cider, brown sugar, vanilla, nutmeg, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon; pour over bread mixture in baking dish. Cover and chill 1 hour.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake bread mixture at 350 degrees F for 45 to 50 minutes of until top is crisp and golden brown. Serve warm with Toasted Pecan-Caramel Sauce (see preparation below).
Prepare the sauce:
Sprinkle sugar in an even layer in a small saucepan. Stir together syrup and 1/3 cup water, and pour over sugar in saucepan. Cook, without stirring, over medium-high heat 12 to 14 minutes or until sugar is dissolved and mixture is golden.
Remove from heat. Gradually whisk in evaporated milk. (Mixture will bubble.) Stir in butter and toasted pecans.


1½ c. fresh blackberries
1¼ c. sugar
½ package refrigerated piecrusts
3 tbsp. cornstarch
½ tsp. vanilla extract
1 package raspberry gelatin
4 drop blue liquid food coloring
Sweetened whipped cream
Gently toss berries and 1/4 cup sugar in a large bowl; cover and chill 8 hours. Drain.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Fit piecrust into a 9-inch pie plate according to package directions; fold edges under, and crimp. Prick bottom and sides of piecrust with a fork.
Bake at 450 degrees F for 7 to 9 minutes or until lightly browned.
Stir together cornstarch and remaining 1 cup sugar in a small saucepan; slowly whisk in 1 1/4 cups water and vanilla. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, 7 to 8 minutes or until mixture thickens.
Stir together raspberry gelatin and blue liquid food coloring in a small bowl; whisk into the warm cornstarch mixture.
Spoon blackberries into piecrust. Pour glaze evenly over berries, pressing down gently with a spoon to be sure all berries are coated. Chill 2 1/2 hours. Serve with whipped cream, if desired.


1 c. chopped pecans
1 c. butter
1 bar semisweet chocolate baking bar
2 c. sugar
1½ c. all-purpose flour
½ c. unsweetened cocoa
4 large eggs
1 tsp. vanilla extract
¾ tsp. salt
1 bag miniature marshmallows
½ c. butter
⅓ c. milk
¼ c. unsweetened cocoa
1 package powdered sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
Prepare the cake:
Microwave 1 cup butter and chocolate bar in a large microwave-safe glass bowl at high for 1 minute, stirring at 30-second intervals. Whisk sugar and next 5 ingredients into chocolate mixture. Pour batter into a greased 15x10-inch jelly-roll pan.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 20 minutes. Remove from oven, and sprinkle evenly with miniature marshmallows; bake 8 to 10 more minutes or until golden brown. Drizzle warm cake with Chocolate Frosting (see preparation below), and sprinkle evenly with toasted pecans.
Prepare the frosting:


3 c. all-purpose flour
1¾ c. sugar
1 tsp. baking soda
1 tbsp. ground cinnamon
½ tsp. salt
2 large eggs
1 can crushed pineapple
1¾ c. mashed ripe banana
½ c. unsweetened applesauce
3 tbsp. vegetable oil
1½ tsp. vanilla extract
chopped walnuts
2 package cream cheese
½ c. butter
1 package powdered sugar
1 tsp. vanilla extract
2 tsp. lemon zest
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Prepare the cake:
Bake at 350 degrees F for 23 to 25 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Let cool in pans on wire racks 10 minutes. Remove from pans to wire racks and cool completely (about 1 hour).
Prepare the frosting:
Spread frosting between layers and on top and sides of cake. Garnish with walnuts, if desired.


1 c. granulated sugar
1 c. light corn syrup
½ c. water
2 tbsp. unsalted butter
¾ tsp. almond extract
2 c. shelled unsalted pistachios
1¼ tsp. baking soda
1 tsp. flaked sea salt (such as Maldon)
1½ lb. fresh ripe apricots
½ c. honey
2 c. plain whole milk Greek yogurt
2 large egg whites
¼ c. granulated sugar
1 c. chilled heavy cream
¼ c. confectioners' sugar
1 lb. firm-ripe apricots
1 lb. firm-ripe figs
1 c. orange muscat wine or other sweet dessert wine
½ c. apricot nectar
¼ c. honey
¼ c. granulated sugar
Brittle:
Semifreddo:
Beat egg whites in a large bowl on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in granulated sugar; increase speed to high and beat until stiff peaks form; fold into yogurt mixture. Using the same bowl and beaters, beat cream and confectioners' sugar until stiff yet billowy peaks form; fold into yogurt mixture.
Spread half of the yogurt mixture into an even layer in prepared pan; sprinkle with reserved diced apricots and chopped brittle. Spread remaining yogurt mixture over top (pan will be very full and mixture will extend over top of pan). Fold plastic-wrap overhang over semifreddo to cover. Freeze overnight. (Can be made 2 days ahead; keep frozen.)
Fruit in wine syrup: Put apricots and figs in a glass bowl; set aside. Bring wine, nectar, honey, and sugar to a boil in a small heavy saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally. Simmer mixture until syrupy, about 4 minutes. Pour syrup over fruit in bowl; cool completely. (Can be made 8 hours ahead, covered, and refrigerated.)
To serve, lift semifreddo from pan by plastic-wrap overhang and invert onto cutting board. Remove plastic wrap. Dip a knife into hot water, wipe dry, and cut semifreddo crosswise into 3/4-inch-thick slices, dipping knife into water and wiping dry as needed. Place 1 slice on each plate with some poached apricots and figs. Spoon some wine syrup over fruit and serve with pieces of brittle.


1 oz. Smirnoff Orange Vodka
1 oz. blue curaçao
2 oz. orange juice
1 oz. pineapple juice
1 slice orange
Fill glass with ice.
Add Smirnoff Orange Flavored Vodka, blue curaçao, orange juice, and pineapple juice.
Stir well.
Garnish with orange slice.


1 package gingerbread cake mix
¾ c. water
2 large eggs
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
1 package shredded carrots
1 c. toasted walnuts
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease 9-inch-square cake pan.
In large bowl, with wire whisk, stir cake mix, water, eggs, and vegetable oil until just blended. Stir in carrots and chopped toasted walnuts.
Spread in prepared pan. Bake 50 to 55 minutes or until tester inserted in center comes out clean. Cool on wire rack.


2 c. fresh strawberries
.67 c. boiling water
1 package Jell-O® Strawberry Flavor Geletin
ice cubes
½ c. cold water
1 tub Cool Whip® Lite Whipped Topping
1  ready-to-use reduced-fat graham cracker crumb crust
Slice 1 cup strawberries; refrigerate for later use. Chop remaining berries; set side. Add boiling water to gelatin mix; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Add enough ice to cold water to make 1 cup. Add to gelatin; stir until slightly thickened. Remove any unmelted ice.
Whisk in Cool Whip®. Stir in chopped berries. Refrigerate 20 to 30 minutes or until mixture is very thick and will mound. Spoon into crust.
Refrigerate 6 hours or until firm. Top with sliced berries.


24  Oreo® cookies
¼ c. butter or margarine
4 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. flour
1 tsp. vanilla
1 package Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate
4  eggs
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix crumbs and butter; press onto bottom of 13x9-inch foil-lined pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Beat cream cheese, sugar, flour, and vanilla with mixer until well blended. Add chocolate; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 45 minutes or until center is almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 4 hours. Use foil to lift cheesecake from pan before cutting to serve.


1 package angel food cake mix
1 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
2 can Dole® Crushed Pineapple in Juice
1 c. thawed Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
2 c. assorted fresh berries
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Prepare cake batter as directed on package; pour into 30 paper-lined muffin cups, filling each cup 2/3 full. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until tops are golden brown and cracks feel dry. Cool cupcakes in pans 10 minutes; remove to wire racks. Cool completely.
Mix dry Jell-O® pudding mix and pineapple in medium bowl. Gently stir in Cool Whip®; spread onto cupcakes.
Top with berries.  Store in refrigerator.


2 c. finely crushed pretzels
½ c. sugar
⅓ c. butter or margarine
1½ package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
2 tbsp. milk
1 c. thawed Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
2 c. boiling water
1 package Jell-O® Strawberry Flavored Gelatin
1½ c. cold water
1 qt. strawberries
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Mix pretzel crumbs, 1/4 cup sugar, and butter. Press onto bottom of 13- x 9-inch pan. Bake 10 minutes. Cool.
Beat cream cheese, remaining sugar, and milk until blended. Stir in Cool Whip®; spread over crust. Refrigerate.
Add boiling water to gelatin mix in large bowl; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Stir in cold water. Refrigerate 1 1/2 hours or until thickened (spoon drawn through leaves definite impression). Stir in strawberries; spoon over cream cheese layer. Refrigerate 3 hours or until firm.


1 package yellow cake mix
1 package Jell-O® Lemon Flavor Instant Pudding
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
½ c. Baker's® Angel Flake Coconut
1 drop Yellow food coloring
2 c. Jet-Puffed® Miniature Marshmallows
2 small bug-shaped candies
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Grease and flour 1-quart ovenproof bowl and 9-inch round pan; set aside. Prepare cake batter as directed on package. Add dry pudding mix; beat until well blended. Pour about half the batter into prepared bowl. Pour remaining batter into prepared pan.
Bake 9-inch layer 23 to 25 minutes and bake batter in bowl 33 to 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool cakes 10 minutes. Loosen cakes from sides of pan and bowl with knife. Invert cakes onto wire racks; gently remove pan and bowl. Cool cakes completely.
Cut 9-inch cake layer into 16 wedges. Place inverted bowl cake on large serving board; surround with cake wedges to resemble flower petals. Frost with Cool Whip®.
Tint coconut with food coloring (see Tips & Techniques); press into Cool Whip® on center cake. Decorate with marshmallows and candies as shown in photo.


1 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1 can Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
1  Honey Maid® Graham Pie Crust
1  orange
1 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
Additional orange, lemon, or lime
Beat cream cheese and 1/4 cup condensed milk with mixer until well blended. Whisk in 1/2 cup Cool Whip®. Spread onto bottom of crust.
Whisk orange juice, remaining condensed milk, and dry pudding mix in medium bowl 2 minutes. Stir in 1 1/2 cups of the remaining Cool Whip®. Spread over cream cheese layer.
Stir orange zest into remaining Cool Whip®; spread over pie. Refrigerate 4 hours.
For a special garnish, add a simple citrus fan. Cut additional orange, lemon, or lime into thin slices. Stack 3 slices. Cut slit through slices to center. Twist slices from slits in opposite directions; twist 3 slices together for fan effect.


4 oz. Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
¾ c. milk
1 package Jell-0® Chocolate Instant Pudding
1 c. Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
24  NILLA Wafers
1 tub Baker's® Milk Chocolate Dipping Chocolate
2 tbsp. creamy peanut butter
½ c. Planters® Cocktail Peanuts
Line 24 miniature muffin cups with liners. Beat cream cheese in large bowl with mixer until creamy. Gradually beat in milk. Add dry pudding mix; beat 2 minutes. Whisk in Cool Whip®.
Spoon into resealable plastic bag; cut small corner from bottom of bag. Pipe about 1 tablespoon pudding mixture into each cup; stand wafer in cup. Freeze 2 hours or until firm.
Peel liners off bonbons.
Melt dipping chocolate as directed on package; stir in peanut butter until melted. Dip bottom halves of bonbons in chocolate, then in nuts. Let stand until chocolate is firm. Keep frozen.


40  NILLA Wafers
3 tbsp. sugar
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
4 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. flour
1 c. Breakstone's® or Knudsen® Sour Cream
4  eggs
1 package Jell-O® Lemon Flavor Instant Pudding
1 package frozen blueberries
2 c. Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix wafer crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, and butter; press onto bottom of 13- x 9-inch pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Beat cream cheese, remaining sugar, and flour in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Add sour cream; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Stir in dry pudding mix until well blended. Gently stir in 1 cup berries.  Spoon onto crust.
Bake 1 hour or until almost set. (Center will still be jiggly.) Cool completely. Refrigerate 4 hours. Top cheesecake with Cool Whip® and remaining berries just before serving.


20  Reduced Fat Nilla Wafers®
½ c. flour
¼ c. packed brown sugar
¼ c. cold margarine
1 package Philadelphia® Neufchâtel Cheese
1 c. granulated sugar
2  eggs
2 tbsp. flour
3 tbsp. lemon zest
¼ c. fresh lemon juice
¼ tsp. Calmut® Baking Powder
2 tsp. powdered sugar
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Line 8-inch square pan with foil, with ends of foil extending over sides. Mix wafer crumbs, 1/2 cup flour, and brown sugar in medium bowl. Cut in margarine with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs; press onto bottom of prepared pan. Bake 15 minutes.
Meanwhile, beat Neufchâtel and granulated sugar with mixer until well blended. Add eggs and 2 tablespoons flour; mix well. Blend in 1 tablespoon lemon zest, lemon juice, and baking powder; pour over crust.
Bake 25 to 28 minutes or until center is set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 2 hours. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and remaining lemon zest just before serving.


1¼ c. milk
¼ c. Breakstone's® or Knudsen® Sour Cream
3 tbsp. sugar
2¼ c. all-purpose baking mix
1 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
4 c. sliced strawberries
⅓ c. sugar
Heat oven to 425 degrees F.
Beat 1/2 cup milk, sour cream, and 3 tablespoons sugar in large bowl with whisk until well blended. Stir in baking mix just until moistened. Spread onto bottom of greased 9-inch round pan. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from pan to wire rack; cool completely. Cut horizontally in half, using toothpicks as a guide.
Add remaining milk to pudding mix in medium bowl; beat with whisk 2 minutes. Stir in half the Cool Whip®. Toss strawberries with 1/3 cup sugar.
Stack cake layers on plate just before serving, spreading the pudding mixture and 1/2 the strawberry mixture between layers. Top with Cool Whip® and remaining strawberry mixture.


40  NILLA Wafers
2 package Jell-O® White Chocolate Flavor Instant Pudding
1¼ c. cold milk
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
¼ c. caramel ice cream topping
Chop 4 wafers; set aside. Arrange 12 wafers on bottom of 9- x 5-inch loaf pan lined with foil.
Beat pudding mixes and milk with whisk 2 minutes. Add Cool Whip®; spoon 1/3 over wafers in pan. Top with 12 wafers and 2 tablespoons caramel topping. Repeat layers of pudding mixture, wafers, and caramel topping. Cover with remaining pudding mixture. Sprinkle with chopped wafers; press gently into pudding mixture.
Freeze 4 hours or until firm. Lift dessert from pan, using foil handles. Place on serving plate. Let stand 15 minutes to soften slightly before serving.
For a special garnish, drizzle dessert slices lightly with additional caramel topping just before serving.


1 c. Jet-Puffed® Miniature Marshmallows
1 package Jell-O® Pistachio Flavor Instant Pudding
1 can Dole® Crushed Pineapple in Juice
½ c. chopped Planters® Pecans
1½ c. Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
Combine marshmallows, dry pudding mix, pineapple, and nuts in large bowl.
Stir in Cool Whip®. Refrigerate 1 hour.


1 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1 c. cold milk
1 package Jell-O® Chocolate Instant Pudding
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
¾ c. Jet-Puffed® Minature Marshmallows
⅓ c. chopped Planters® Cocktail Peanuts
¼ c. semisweet chocolate chips
25  NILLA Wafers
Line 9-inch round pan with plastic wrap; set aside. Beat cream cheese in large bowl with mixer until creamy. Gradually beat in milk. Add dry pudding mix; beat until blended.
Stir in 2 cups Cool Whip® and all remaining ingredients except wafers.
Spoon into pan. Top with wafers; press lightly into cream cheese mixture.
Freeze 4 hours or until firm. Remove dessert 15 minutes before serving. Unmold onto plate; discard plastic wrap. Serve with remaining Cool Whip®.


1 can Dole® Crushed Pineapple in Juice
1 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1 c. Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
1 package round angel food cake
2 c. mixed fresh berries (strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries)
For the filling:
Now, you choose!


1½ c. soft coconut macaroon cookie crumbs
2 tbsp. margarine
2 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
½ c. sugar
½ tsp. lemon zest
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
½ tsp. imitation vanilla
2  eggs
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Mix cookie crumbs and margarine; press onto bottom of 8-inch square pan sprayed with cooking spray.
Beat cream cheese, sugar, lemon zest, juice, and vanilla in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until center is almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 3 hours.


1 package yellow cake mix
1 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1 c. cold milk
1½ c. Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
4  squares Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Prepare cake batter and bake as directed on package for 24 cupcakes. Cool completely.
Beat pudding mix and milk with whisk 2 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes. Meanwhile, use serrated knife to cut cupcakes horizontally in half. Stir 1/2 cup Cool Whip® into pudding; spoon onto bottom halves of cupcakes, using about 1 tablespoon for each. Cover with cupcake tops.
Microwave remaining 1 cup Cool Whip® and chocolate in small microwaveable bowl on high 1 1/2 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring after 1 minute. Stir until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is well blended. Let stand 15 minutes. Spread onto cupcakes. Refrigerate 15 minutes before serving. Refrigerate leftovers.


6 tbsp. butter or margarine
25  NILLA Wafers
2 tbsp. sugar
4  squares Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate
2 large bananas
1 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1.74 c. cold milk
1 c. thawed Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
Melt 4 tablespoons butter; pour into medium bowl. Stir in wafer crumbs and sugar. Reserve 2 tablespoons for later use; press remaining crumb mixture onto bottom and up side of 9-inch pie plate.
Microwave chocolate and remaining butter in microwaveable bowl on high 1 minute or until butter is melted; stir until chocolate is melted and mixture is well blended. Drizzle over bottom of crust; top with bananas.
Beat pudding mix and milk with whisk 2 minutes; pour over bananas. Refrigerate 4 hours. Top with Cool Whip® and reserved crumb mixture just before serving.


¼ c. butter
1½ c. Honey Maid® Graham Cracker Crumbs
1 c. sugar
1½ tsp. ground cinnamon
3 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1 tsp. vanilla
¾ c. Breakstone's® or Knudsen® Sour Cream
3  eggs
¾ c. finely shredded carrots (about 2 carrots)
1½ c. thawed Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix butter, crumbs, 1/4 cup sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; press onto bottom of 13- x 9-inch pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Beat cream cheese, vanilla, and the remaining sugar and cinnamon in large bowl with mixer until blended. Add sour cream; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each just until blended. Stir in carrots; spread over crust.
Bake 45 to 50 minutes or until center is almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 4 hours. Serve topped with Cool Whip®.


1 package white cake mix
1 c. boiling water
1 package Jell-O® Strawberry Flavor Gelatin
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
Green, yellow, and red food coloring
Jet-Puffed® Marshmallows
colored sugar
Small hard candies
Baker's® Angel Flake Coconut
Jet-Puffed® Bunny Mallows Marshmallows
NILLA Wafers
Jet-Puffed® Miniature Marshmallows
Prepare cake batter and bake as directed on package for cupcakes. Cool in pans 10 minutes. Pierce tops with fork.
Add boiling water to gelatin mix in small bowl; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Spoon over cupcakes. Refrigerate 30 minutes. Tint Cool Whip® with food coloring; spread over cupcakes.
Decorate as desired (see below). Keep refrigerated.


1 package Philadelphia® Neufchâtel Cheese
½ c. sugar
1 package Jell-O® Lime Flavor Gelatin
1 tbsp. lime zest
¼ c. fresh lime juice
1 tub Cool Whip® Lite Whipped Topping
1 tbsp. Chopped fresh mint
1½ c. finely crushed pretzels
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
Line 9-inch round pan with plastic wrap, with ends extending over side of pan. Beat Neufchâtel and 1/4 cup sugar with mixer until blended. Add dry gelatin mix, zest, and juice; mix well.
Whisk in Cool Whip® and mint; pour into prepared pan. Mix pretzel crumbs, remaining sugar, and butter; sprinkle over gelatin mixture. Cover dessert with ends of plastic wrap; use to gently press crumb mixture into gelatin mixture.
Freeze 3 hours or until firm. Invert dessert onto serving plate; remove pan and plastic wrap. Let dessert stand at room temperature 15 minutes to soften slightly before cutting to serve.


2.67 c. Baker's® Angel Flake Coconut
.67 c. Eagle Brand® Sweetened Condensed Milk
1 tsp. vanilla
2  squares Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate
Combine coconut, milk, and vanilla. Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls, about 1 inch apart, onto baking sheets sprayed with cooking spray. To prevent burning, press down any ends of coconut shreds with back of spoon.
Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are golden brown. Immediately transfer cookies from baking sheets to wire racks. Cool completely.
Melt chocolate as directed on package. Dip cookies halfway into chocolate; return to racks. Let stand until chocolate is firm. Can be stored in tightly covered container at room temperature up to 1 week.


40  NILLA Wafers
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
4 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
1 tbsp. vanilla
1 tsp. vanilla
3  eggs
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
Fresh berries
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix wafer crumbs and butter; press onto bottom of 9-inch springform pan.
Beat 3 packages cream cheese, 3/4 cup sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla with mixer until well blended. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 50 to 55 minutes or until center is almost set. Run knife around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool completely in pan.
Beat remaining cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla with mixer in large bowl until well blended. Whisk in Cool Whip®; spread over cheesecake. Refrigerate 4 hours. Remove rim of pan before serving cheesecake.  For a special extra touch, garnish with fresh berries just before serving.


42  NILLA Wafers
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
¼ c. sugar
2 c. Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
1 can Dole® Crushed Pineapple
¾ c. boiling water
1 package Jell-O® Strawberry Flavor Gelatin
1 c. ice cubes
2 c. sliced strawberries
1  square Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate
2 tbsp. Baker's® Angel Flake Coconut
Crush 26 wafers; mix with butter until well blended. Press onto bottom of 9-inch pie plate. Stand remaining wafers around edge of pie plate.
Beat cream cheese and sugar in large bowl with mixer until well blended. Gently stir in 1 cup Cool Whip® and pineapple; spread over crust.
Add boiling water to gelatin mix in medium bowl; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Stir in ice until melted. Add strawberries; stir. Refrigerate 5 minutes or until slightly thickened; spoon over cream cheese layer. Refrigerate 4 hours or until set. Top with remaining Cool Whip®.
For a special garnish, melt 1 square Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate as directed on package; drizzle over chilled pie. Or garnish pie with 2 tablespoons toasted Baker's® Angel Flake Coconut just before serving.


1½ c. Honey Maid® Graham Cracker Crumbs
¼ c. sugar
6 tbsp. butter or margarine
1 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
2 tbsp. cold milk
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
4 c. strawberries
3½ c. cold milk
2 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
Additional sliced fresh strawberries
Mix crumbs, sugar, and butter in 13- x 9-inch pan; press onto bottom of pan. Refrigerate 15 minutes.
Beat cream cheese and 2 tablespoons milk in large bowl with wire whisk until well blended. Gently stir in half of the whipped topping. Spread onto crust; top with strawberries. Pour 3 1/2 cups milk into large bowl. Add dry pudding mixes. Beat 2 minutes. Pour over strawberries.
Refrigerate 4 hours or until set. Spread with remaining whipped topping just before serving. Store leftovers in refrigerator.
For an extra special touch, garnish with additional sliced fresh strawberries just before serving.


2 package Jell-O® Lemon Flavor Instant Pudding
2 c. cold milk
1 tbsp. lemon juice
1  Honey Maid® Graham Pie Crust
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
½ c. Sliced fresh strawberries
lemon zest
Beat pudding mixes, milk, and juice with whisk 2 minutes.  Mixture will be thick. Spread 1 1/2 cups onto bottom of crust.
Whisk 1/2 the Cool Whip® into remaining pudding mixture; spread over pudding layer in crust. Top with remaining Cool Whip®.
Refrigerate 3 hours or until set.
For a special garnish, top with 1/2 cup sliced fresh strawberries or lemon zest just before serving.


1¼ c. Honey Maid® Graham Cracker Crumbs
¼ c. butter
2 tbsp. sugar
2  mangoes
4 oz. Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1½ c. Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
.67 c. boiling water
1 package Jell-O® Orange Flavor Gelatin
ice cubes
¼ c. cold water
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Mix crumbs, butter, and sugar; press onto bottom and up side of 9-inch pie plate. Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool completely. Meanwhile, peel and pit 1 mango; place in blender. Add cream cheese; blend until smooth. Transfer to medium bowl. Whisk in Cool Whip®.
Add boiling water to gelatin mix in large bowl; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Add ice to cold water to make 1/2 cup. Add to gelatin; stir until slightly thickened. Remove any unmelted ice. Add mango mixture; whisk until well blended. Refrigerate 15 to 20 minutes or until mixture is thick enough to mound. Pour into crust.
Refrigerate 3 hours. When ready to serve, peel, pit, and slice remaining mango; arrange on top of pie.


½ c. Planters® Sliced Almonds
50  NILLA Wafers
6 tbsp. butter
1 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1 c. cold milk
1 c. Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
1 c. mixed fresh fruit
Reserve 1 tablespoon nuts. Finely chop remaining nuts; mix with wafer crumbs and butter. Press onto bottom and up side of 9-inch tart pan or shallow pie plate.
Beat pudding mix and milk with whisk 2 minutes.  Stir in Cool Whip®. Spoon into crust.
Refrigerate 3 hours or until firm. Top with fruit and reserved nuts just before serving.


35  Reduced Fat Nilla Wafers®
¼ c. margarine
1 package Philadelphia® Neufchâtel Cheese
½ c. powdered sugar
1 tub Cool Whip® Sugar Free Whipped Topping
3  bananas
2 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Fat Free Sugar Free Instant Pudding
3 c. cold fat-free milk
½  square Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate
Mix crumbs and margarine; press onto bottom of 13- x 9-inch dish. Refrigerate.
Beat Neufchâtel and sugar in medium bowl with whisk until blended. Stir in 1 1/2 cups Cool Whip®; spread over crust. Top with bananas.
Beat pudding mixes and milk with whisk 2 minutes; spread over bananas. Top with remaining Cool Whip® and chocolate. Refrigerate 3 hours.


1 package white cake mix
1 package Jell-O® Lemon Flavor Instant Pudding
1 c. water
4  egg whites
2 tbsp. oil
1 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
¼ c. butter
2 tbsp. lemon juice
1 package powdered sugar
Heat oven to 350 degrees F.
Beat first 5 ingredients in large bowl with mixer on low speed until moistened. (Batter will be thick.) Beat on medium speed 2 minutes. Spoon into 24 paper-lined muffin cups.
Bake 21 to 24 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool in pans 10 minutes; remove to wire racks. Cool completely.
Beat cream cheese, butter, and juice with mixer until well blended. Gradually add sugar, beating on low speed after each addition until well blended. Spread onto cupcakes.


60  NILLA Wafers
5 tbsp. butter or margarine
3 tbsp. sugar
4 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. flour
1 c. Breakstone's® or Knudsen® Sour Cream
1 package Jell-O® Lemon Flavor Instant Pudding
4  eggs
2 c. Cool Whip® Dips Strawberry Crème
1 c. blueberries
1 c. Sliced fresh strawberries
1 c. sliced peeled kiwis
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Line 13- x 9-inch pan with foil, with ends of foil extending over sides. Mix wafer crumbs, butter, and 3 tablespoons sugar; press onto bottom of pan. Bake 10 minutes.
Beat cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, and flour with mixer until well blended. Add sour cream; mix well. Blend in dry pudding mix. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating on low speed after each just until blended. Pour over crust.
Bake 1 hour or until center is almost set. Cool completely. Refrigerate 4 hours. Use foil handles to lift cheesecake from pan. Remove cheesecake from foil to tray; spread with Cool Whip® Dips. Top with fruit just before serving.


2 c. soft coconut macaroon cookie crumbs
3 tbsp. margarine
4 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1 c. sugar
2 tbsp. orange zest
4  eggs
2 c. fresh strawberries
2 tsp. fresh orange juice
1 tsp. sugar
Heat oven to 325 degrees F.
Mix cookie crumbs and margarine; press onto bottom and 1 inch up side of springform pan sprayed with cooking spray. Bake 12 minutes.
Meanwhile, beat cream cheese and 1 cup sugar with mixer until well blended. Add zest; mix well. Add eggs, 1 at a time, mixing on low speed after each just until blended. Pour into crust.
Bake 55 minutes or until center is almost set. Run knife around rim of pan to loosen cake; cool before removing rim. Refrigerate 4 hours.
Blend strawberries in blender until smooth; strain. Stir in orange juice and remaining sugar. Serve spooned over cheesecake slices.


18  Oreo® Chocolate Sandwich Cookies
3 tbsp. butter or margarine
3  squares Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate
¼ c. canned sweetened condensed milk
½ c. chopped, toasted Planters® Pecans (optional)
2 c. cold milk
2 package Jell-O® Chocolate Instant Pudding
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
Mix cookie crumbs and butter in 9-inch pie plate. Press firmly onto bottom and up side of pie plate. Mix chocolate and condensed milk until well blended. Pour into crust; sprinkle with pecans.
Pour milk into large bowl. Add pudding mixes. Beat with wire whisk 2 minutes or until well blended. (Mixture will be thick.) Spoon 1 1/2 cups of the pudding over pecans in crust.
Add 1/2 of the whipped topping to remaining pudding; stir with wire whisk until well blended. Spread over pudding in crust; top with remaining whipped topping. Refrigerate 3 hours.


1 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
1½ c. cold milk
1 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
1½ c. thawed Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
24  Nilla® Wafers
1½ c. mixed blueberries and sliced fresh strawberries
Beat cream cheese with mixer until creamy. Gradually beat in milk. Add dry pudding mix; mix well. Whisk in 1 cup Cool Whip®.
Layer half each of wafers, berries, and pudding mixture in 8 parfait glasses. Repeat layers.
Top with remaining Cool Whip®.


2 package Jell-O® Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding
2 c. cold milk
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
64  Nilla® Wafers
2  squares Baker's® Semi-Sweet Chocolate
Cool Whip® Topping (in a can)
Beat pudding mixes and milk in large bowl with whisk 2 minutes. Stir in Cool Whip®.
Arrange 16 wafers on bottom of 8-inch square dish; cover with 1/3 of the pudding mixture. Repeat layers twice. Top with remaining wafers. Refrigerate 4 hours.
Microwave chocolate in microwaveable bowl on high 1 minute or until melted when stirred. Drizzle over dessert.
For a special extra, garnish with Cool Whip® Whipped Topping (in a can) just before serving.


48  NILLA Wafers
¾ c. boiling water
1 package Jell-O® Lemon Flavor Gelatin
1 c. ice cubes
1 package Philadelphia® Cream Cheese
¼ c. sugar
2 tsp. lemon zest
1 tub Cool Whip® Whipped Topping
⅓ c. raspberry preserves
1½ c. Fresh fruit
Stand 16 wafers around edge of plastic wrap-lined 8-inch square pan. Add boiling water to gelatin mix; stir 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Stir in ice until melted.
Beat next 3 ingredients in large bowl with mixer until blended. Gradually beat in gelatin. Whisk in 2 cups Cool Whip®.
Pour half the gelatin mixture into prepared pan; cover with 16 wafers. Microwave preserves on high 15 seconds or until melted; brush onto wafers. Top with remaining gelatin mixture and wafers.
Refrigerate 4 hours or until firm. Invert dessert onto plate; top with remaining Cool Whip® and fruit.


3 c. water
1 c. sugar
½ c. each lemon juice and limoncello (lemon liqueur)
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
Garnish: mint leaves
Mix water and sugar in a 2-qt saucepan; bring to boil over high heat. Boil uncovered, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes or until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat; stir in lemon juice, limoncello (if using) and lemon zest.
Pour into a 13 x 9-in. baking pan. Freeze 1 hour; stir. Cover; freeze 2 hours or overnight until firm.
Scrape and scoop into serving dishes and top with mint.


2¼ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. coarse yellow cornmeal
3 tbsp. sugar
1 tbsp. finely chopped fresh sage
1 tsp. finely chopped fresh sage
1½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. finely grated lemon zest
¾ c. cold unsalted butter
3 large egg yolks
5 tbsp. ice water
Pulse flour, cornmeal, sugar, sage, salt, and lemon zest in a food processor until combined. Add butter; pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk egg yolks and ice water in a small bowl. With machine running, add to flour mixture through feed tube; process until dough just holds together.
Turn out dough onto a work surface. Divide in half, and shape each portion into a disk. Wrap in plastic, and refrigerate 30 minutes (or up to 2 days).
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out 1 disk to a 10-inch round. Fit into a 9-inch tart pan with a removable bottom; trim edges flush with rim. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour (or up to 1 day). Reserve remaining dough for another use (it can be frozen up to 3 months).
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Prick bottom of tart shell with a fork. Bake until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Let cool.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. Coarse salt
1 tsp. sugar
1 c. chilled unsalted butter
¼ c. ice water
Place the flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a food processor, and process for a few seconds to combine. Add the butter pieces to the flour mixture, and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, about 10 seconds. Add the ice water in a slow, steady stream, pouring it through the feed tube with the machine running, just until the dough holds together. Do not process for more than 30 seconds.
Turn the dough out onto a work surface. Divide into 2 equal pieces, and place on 2 separate sheets of plastic wrap. Flatten, and form 2 disks. Wrap, and refrigerate at least 1 hour before using.


2 c. heavy cream
1 c. milk
½ c. finely grated peeled fresh ginger
6½ tbsp. sugar
3½ tsp. powdered gelatin
9 oz. mascarpone cheese
1 c. dried unsweetened coconut flakes
1 whole pineapple
2 large mangoes
½ c. light brown sugar
1 tsp. finely grated lime zest
¼ c. lime juice
2 pt. raspberries
2 pt. vanilla ice cream
In a large saucepan, combine the cream and milk with the ginger and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat, cover, and let stand for 30 minutes.
Strain the cream into a bowl, pressing on the ginger. Wipe out the saucepan. Return the cream to the saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and whisk in the sugar and gelatin. Let the cream cool to lukewarm, then whisk in the mascarpone. Spoon the mousse into 12 glasses or bowls and refrigerate until set, 1 hour.
Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the coconut flakes in a pie plate and toast until golden, 3 minutes. Let cool.
In a bowl, toss the pineapple and mangoes with the brown sugar, lime zest, and juice. Spoon the pineapple and mangoes over the ginger mousse and top with the raspberries. Scoop the ice cream into the bowls, garnish with the toasted coconut, and serve.


2  pocketless pita or naan
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ c. sugar
½ tsp. ground cinnamon
¼ tsp. ground ginger
.13 tsp. ground cloves
1 pinch salt
chocolate sauce
Raspberry or apricot jam
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, toss the pita strips with the butter. In a small bowl, mix the sugar with the cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and salt. Add the spiced sugar to the pita and toss to coat thoroughly.
Spread the pita on the baking sheet and bake in the center of the oven for about 30 minutes, turning once halfway through, until the sugar is caramelized. Let the bread sticks cool slightly and serve with chocolate sauce or jam.


1 tsp. salt
1¼ c. ice water
3½ c. chilled all-purpose flour
1 lb. cold unsalted butter
1 c. heavy cream
3 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. Grand Marnier
1 lb. strawberries
confectioners' sugar
Make the pastry:
On a floured work surface, dust the top of the pastry with flour. Roll out to an 8-by-15-inch rectangle. Fold the rectangle into thirds like a letter, brushing off any excess flour. Roll it out to a rectangle and fold it again, dusting with more flour as necessary. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Roll and fold 2 more times, refrigerating the pastry for 30 minutes in between. Refrigerate the pastry for 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut out a 10-inch round of parchment paper. Line a large rimmed baking sheet with parchment. Divide the pastry in half; freeze half for another use. On a floured work surface, roll out the pastry 1/4 inch thick. Using a sharp knife and a 12-inch plate as a template, cut out a 12-inch round. Brush off any excess flour and transfer the pastry to the prepared baking sheet. Top with the parchment round and a 10-inch cake pan; fill the pan with pie weights or dried beans.
Bake the pastry in the middle of the oven for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and bake for about 35 minutes, until starting to brown around the edge. Remove the cake pan and parchment round and cover the edge of the pastry with foil. Bake the pastry in the upper third of the oven for about 15 minutes longer, until the center of the round is lightly browned and crisp. Transfer the pastry to a rack to cool.
Assemble the tart:


1 c. all-purpose flour
2 tbsp. all-purpose flour
¼ c. graham flour (see Tips & Techniques)
1 tsp. cinnamon
½ tsp. salt
1 pinch ground cloves
1 stick unsalted butter
2 tbsp. light brown sugar
⅓ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. honey
1½ tsp. molasses
¾ lb. strawberries
1½ tbsp. fresh lemon juice
1¼ c. fresh ricotta
2 tbsp. confectioners' sugar
1 tsp. finely grated lemon zest
In a bowl, whisk both flours with the cinnamon, salt, and cloves. In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the butter, light brown sugar, and 2 tablespoons of the granulated sugar at medium speed until fluffy, about 1 minute. Beat in the honey and molasses, about 30 seconds. Scrape down the side of the bowl and beat in the flour mixture at low speed, just until incorporated. Pat the dough into a disk, cover with plastic, and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough 1/8 inch thick. Using a 3 1/2-inch oval cookie cutter, stamp out 16 ovals; reroll the dough scraps if necessary. Transfer the ovals to the baking sheets and bake for about 12 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through, until lightly golden around the edges. Let cool on the pans for 5 minutes, then transfer the ovals to racks to cool completely.
In a bowl, toss the strawberries with the remaining 1/3 cup of sugar and the lemon juice. Let stand until syrupy, 20 minutes.
In a medium bowl, mix the ricotta, confectioners' sugar, and lemon zest. Spread about 1 tablespoon of the ricotta mixture on each oval. Arrange the strawberries over the ricotta, drizzle with the syrup, and serve.


¾ c. coarsely crumbled graham crackers
2 tbsp. light brown sugar
2 tbsp. granulated sugar
1 tbsp. unsalted butter
¼ tsp. pure vanilla extract
1 pinch salt
all-purpose flour
1 lb. store-bought pizza dough
vegetable oil
2  bars semisweet chocolate
1 c. mini marshmallows
confectioners' sugar
Set a pizza stone on the bottom of the oven and set a rack on the top shelf. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F and heat the stone for at least 45 minutes. In a food processor, combine the crumbled graham crackers with the brown and granulated sugars and the butter, vanilla, and salt. Process the mixture to fine crumbs.
On a lightly floured work surface, roll out each piece of pizza dough to a 12-inch round. Transfer 1 round of dough to a lightly floured pizza peel. Very lightly drizzle the round with vegetable oil and gently rub the oil over the dough.
Slide the dough onto the hot stone and bake for about 2 minutes, until it starts to brown on the bottom and puff on top. Using 2 large spatulas, remove the pizza crust and sprinkle it with half of the graham cracker crumbs, half of the chocolate, and half of the marshmallows. Return the pizza to the stone and bake for 1 minute. Transfer the pizza to the top shelf of the oven and bake for about 1 minute, until the marshmallows are browned.
Sift confectioners' sugar on top. Cut the pizza into wedges and serve right away. Repeat with the remaining dough, oil, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate, and marshmallows to make a second pizza.


½ c. all-purpose flour
¼ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
salt
3 large eggs
3 tbsp. unsalted butter
Finely grated zest of 1 lemon
¼ c. milk
2 tbsp. milk
1½ pt. raspberries
confectioners' sugar
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch gratin dish. In a bowl, whisk the flour, sugar, and a pinch of salt. Whisk in the eggs, butter, and lemon zest until smooth. Add the milk and whisk until light and very smooth, about 3 minutes. Pour the batter into the gratin dish and top with the raspberries.
Bake for about 30 minutes, until the clafoutis is set and golden. Let cool slightly. Dust with confectioners' sugar, cut into wedges, and serve.


1 c. sugar
½ c. water
⅓ c. light corn syrup
1 pinch salt
4 c. fresh orange juice
1 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
¾ c. sugar
1 tsp. powdered plain gelatin
8 large egg yolks
1 c. heavy cream
1 tsp. grated orange zest
¾ c. finely chopped salted roasted almonds
Make the granita:
Meanwhile,
In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the whisk, beat the egg yolks until smooth. With the machine at medium-high speed, carefully drizzle in the hot sugar syrup, then beat at high speed until the mousse base is thick, fluffy and cool, about 5 minutes.
In a bowl, beat the cream until firm. Add the whipped cream and zest to the mousse base; fold in until no white streaks remain.
Scrape the granita with a fork until fluffy and spoon half of it into 8 dessert glasses. Top with half of the orange mousse and almonds. Repeat with the remaining granita, mousse, and almonds. Freeze the parfaits until firm, at least 2 hours or overnight.


1 stick unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
¼ tsp. salt
1 large egg
1 tbsp. light corn syrup
1 tbsp. grated lemon zest
2 tsp. vanilla
2¼ c. all-purpose flour
Decorating Icing (recipe follows)
You'll also need: 2 1/2- and 3 1/2-in. egg-shaped cookie cutters, yellow gel food color, decorating sugar
Beat butter, sugar and salt in a large bowl with mixer on medium-high until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes.
Reduce speed to medium and add egg; beat until combined. Beat in corn syrup, lemon zest and vanilla. Reduce speed to low and add flour in two parts. Shape dough into two disks, wrap and refrigerate 1 hour.
Heat oven to 350ºF. Roll out 1 disk between 2 sheets of wax paper to 1/4 in. thick. Remove top layer of wax paper and cut out shapes using cookie cutters. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake for 12 minutes or until cookies are golden. Transfer cookies to wire rack and cool completely.
Decorating Icing: In a large bowl, with mixer on low speed, beat 1 lb confectioners' sugar and 3 Tbsp Just Whites.* Add 6 Tbsp water; beat until blended. Increase mixer speed to high and beat 8 minutes or until icing is very thick and white. Makes 2 1/2 cups.
Divide decorating icing into 2 bowls. Tint one yellow. Transfer half of each color to separate pastry bags fitted with plain writing tips. Thin the remaining icing with a few teaspoons water to the consistency of slightly whipped cream. Spread thinned icing over cookies; let dry completely. Decorate with icing in pastry bags; sprinkle with decorating sugar.
*Just Whites is available in supermarkets nationwide.


1
1  egg white
½ c. huckleberry jam
12 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. sugar
2 tbsp. sugar
4 large eggs
½ c. flour
½ tsp. salt
whipped cream
Fresh berries
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out puff pastry on a floured surface to 1/4-inch thick. Grease an 8-inch tart pan, then line with pastry, trimming excess. Prick base all over with a fork. Chill 15 minutes.
Line inside of pastry with parchment paper, and fill with pie weights. Cook 15 minutes, or until pastry is golden. Remove weights and parchment; lightly brush pastry with egg white, and bake 5 minutes more. Spread jam on bottom of tart and cool about 20 minutes.
Lower heat to 325 degrees F. In a medium bowl using an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar until pale. Beat in eggs, one at a time, then gently fold in flour and salt.
Pour mixture into tart. Bake until golden and set, about 40 minutes. Cool completely on a rack. Serve with whipped cream and berries.


4 c. minus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
1 c. cold water
1 lb. cold, unsalted butter
Sift together flour and salt in a mixing bowl. Stir water into flour using a butter knife just until it forms a dough. If flour is not fully incorporated, you may add a little more water as needed, one tablespoon at a time, but dough should not be wet.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll into a 1/2-inch-thick square that is roughly 12 inches across.
Place butter between sheets of waxed paper or plastic wrap, and pound with a rolling pin until butter is malleable but not soft. Then form butter into a 6-inch square.
Place butter in center of dough, turning so it is positioned like a diamond in the square. Fold each corner of dough over onto center of butter like folds of an envelope. Wrap completely with plastic wrap and place in refrigerator to rest 10 minutes.
Return dough to the lightly floured work surface and roll out—only rolling lengthwise—into a long, 1/2-inch-thick rectangle. Fold dough into thirds (as if folding a letter). Wrap dough and chill another 10 minutes in refrigerator. Repeat rolling dough, folding into thirds, and chilling three more times, each time rolling dough lengthwise.
When done, keep dough in refrigerator until ready to bake. The puff pastry dough will last up to 3 days in the refrigerator and it freezes well.


2½ c. whole milk
1 c. coarse white grits
8 tbsp. unsalted butter
3 c. Duhallow or mild Cheddar cheese
salt
Pepper
4 large eggs
Add milk and 2 1/2 cups water to a heavy, medium saucepan; bring to a boil over medium heat. Whisk in grits, and simmer 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to the lowest setting possible; cover and cook until grits are creamy and tender, stirring frequently, about 1 hour (time will vary depending on grits; add hot water if they are getting too thick).
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Transfer grits to a large bowl and cool slightly. Stir in butter and cheese; season to taste with salt and pepper. Stir in egg yolks.
Using an electric mixer, beat egg whites with a pinch of salt to stiff peaks. Fold into grits. Transfer to a large buttered ovenproof dish and bake until golden, about 45 minutes. Serve immediately.


5 slice crust-on brioche
4 tbsp. unsalted butter
½ c. golden raisins
¼ c. sugar
⅓ c. sugar
2 c. milk
2 large eggs
5 large egg yolks
2 c. heavy cream
1  vanilla bean
2 tbsp. Irish whiskey
Spread 1 side of each brioche slice with butter, then cut in half diagonally. Using a 10-inch ovenproof skillet, arrange triangles, slightly overlapping, with butter side up and cut edges facing in same direction to make a spiral. Sprinkle layers with raisins and 1/4 cup sugar.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Whisk milk and eggs in small bowl. Pour mixture over bread, and set dish aside for 15 minutes for bread to absorb liquid. Bake 30 to 35 minutes, until top is golden brown.
Meanwhile, set aside a fine strainer, and place a large bowl in an ice bath.
In a heatproof bowl, whisk 1/3 cup sugar and yolks until well blended. Add heavy cream and vanilla bean to a medium, heavy-bottom saucepan; cook over medium heat, watching carefully, until just boiling. Remove from heat, and whisk a few tablespoons of cream into sugar-yolk mixture. Gradually add remaining cream and bean, whisking constantly.
Rinse saucepan, then pour in custard. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until just thickened (do not boil!) — check consistency by dipping a wooden spoon in, then running a finger along back; the streak should stay intact.
Immediately remove from heat and pour through strainer into bowl in ice bath, scraping cream from pan bottom. Scrape out vanilla bean, and stir seeds into sauce; discard pod. Mix in whiskey.
Serve pudding family-style with crème anglaise in a sauceboat on the side.


1 head garlic
1 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil
3 tbsp. red-wine vinegar
¾ tsp. Coarse salt
¼ tsp. red-pepper flakes
¾ c. walnuts
Freshly ground pepper
1 lb. shucked fresh fava beans
2 c. fresh corn kernels
1 medium cucumber
½ c. red onion
2 tbsp. chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
2 oz. feta cheese
Make the vinaigrette:
Whisk together the remaining ingredients with 1 tablespoon of the roasted garlic and remaining 2 teaspoons oil.
Make the salad:
Toss cucumber, onion, parsley, feta, beans, and corn with the vinaigrette.


2 lb. Bing cherries
½ c. granulated sugar
2 tbsp. cornstarch
2 tbsp. fresh lemon juice
all-purpose flour
1 large egg yolk
1 tbsp. turbinado or granulated sugar

Preheat oven to 400 degrees, with rack in lowest position. On a floured piece of parchment paper, roll one disk of dough to a 14-inch round. Wrap dough around rolling pin; unroll over a 9-inch pie plate. Gently fit into bottom and sides of plate (do not stretch dough). Using kitchen shears, trim dough to a 1-inch overhand all around.
In a large bowl, combine cherries, granulated sugar, cornstarch, and lemon juice; toss until cherries are coated. Pour into prepared bottom crust.
On a floured piece of parchment paper, roll second disk of dough to a 14-inch round. Cut into eight 1 1/2-inch-wide strips; discard the shortest two. Weave strips over filling to form a lattice. Using kitchen shears, trim strips so they hang over rim by 1 inch. Tuck strips under rim of bottom crust; press to seal. Crimp with a fork all around the edge.
Using a pastry brush, lightly brush lattice with egg wash, and sprinkle with turbinado sugar.
Place pie on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until filling is bubbling rapidly all over, 60 to 70 minutes (tent with aluminum foil when crust starts to brown, about 40 minutes). Transfer pie to a wire rack, and let cool to room temperature, at least 3 hours.


2½ c. all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled)
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. sugar
1 c. cold unsalted butter
¼ c. ice water
In a food processor, combine flour, salt, and sugar; pulse briefly. Add butter; pulse until mixture resembles coarse meal, with a few pea-size pieces of butter remaining. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup ice water. Pulse until dough is crumbly but holds together when squeezed (if necessary, add up to 1/4 cup water, 1 tablespoon at a time). Do not overmix.
Divide dough in half, and turn out onto two large pieces of plastic wrap. Fold plastic over each portion of dough; press to shape into two  3/4-inch-thick disks. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour (and up to 3 days); dough can also be frozen up to 3 months (thaw before using).
On a floured piece of parchment paper, roll one disk of dough to a 14-inch round. Wrap dough around rolling pin; unroll over a 9-inch pie plate. Gently fit into bottom and sides of plate (do not stretch dough). Using kitchen shears, trim dough to a 1-inch overhang all around; refrigerate until ready to use. Reserve and refrigerate remaining disk of dough for top crust.




all-purpose flour

7½ c. Concord grapes
½ c. sugar
4½ tsp. cornstarch
1 large egg
On a lightly floured work surface, roll 1 piece of pate brisee into a 15-inch round. With a dry pastry brush, sweep off the excess flour; fit dough into a 9-inch pie plate, pressing it into the edges. Trim to a 1-inch overhang all around. Crimp edge as desired. Cover with plastic wrap; chill pie shell until firm, about 30 minutes. Repeat process for rolling out dough. Using a 4-inch grape leaf cookie cutter, cut out 4 leaves from dough. Transfer to a baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.
Remove skins from grapes by pinching the ends of each grape, reserving both the pulp and skins separately, discarding any accumulated liquid.
Place pulp in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Cook until the seeds separate from the pulp and the pulp breaks down, about 6 minutes. Strain mixture through a sieve into the bowl with the reserved skins; discard solids. Let cool to room temperature before placing in the refrigerator for 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Remove grape mixture from refrigerator. Stir in sugar and cornstarch. Pour into prepared pie shell. Beat egg with 1 tablespoon water. Brush edge of pie shell with egg mixture, reserving any remaining mixture. Transfer pie to oven; bake 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees, and continue baking until filling jiggles when shaken, about 30 minutes. Transfer pie to a wire cooling rack; let cool overnight.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Remove reserved grape leaves from refrigerator and brush with remaining egg and water mixture. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a wire cooling rack; let cool.
Before serving, place grape leaves on top of filling.


2½ c. all-purpose flour
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. sugar
2 stick chilled unsalted butter
To make the dough for the pie crust, mix 2 1/2 cups all-purpose flour and 1 teaspoon each salt and sugar in a medium-size bowl. Cut 2 sticks chilled unsalted butter into pieces. With a pastry blender, cut in butter, working until mixture resembles coarse meal.
Add 4 tablespoons ice water; work with hands until dough comes together. If dough is still crumbly, add more ice water a tablespoon at a time (up to 4 more tablespoons). Do not overwork.
Divide dough in half, and flatten halves into disks. Wrap disks separately in plastic; refrigerate at least 1 hour.
To form the pie shell, roll the dough on a floured surface into a 14-inch round. Wrap around rolling pin and carefully unroll over a 9-inch pie plate.
Fit gently into bottom and side of plate. Use kitchen shears to trim dough to a 1-inch overhang; fold under, and seal to form a rim.
Crimp rim with fingertips and knuckle. Repeat with remaining dough; wrap each with plastic, stack, and freeze.


1½ c. all-purpose flour
¾ c. light-brown sugar
⅓ c. granulated sugar
¼ tsp. salt
¼ tsp. cinnamon
1½ stick chilled unsalted butter
In a bowl, mix flour, light-brown sugar, granulated sugar, salt, and cinnamon.
With your hands, work in butter pieces, until large clumps form. Divide mixture in half; freeze in plastic storage bags.


5 c. blueberries
¾ c. granulated sugar
3 tbsp. all-purpose flour
1 tbsp. lemon juice
.13 tsp. salt
½

Preheat oven to 400  degrees. Combine 5 cups blueberries or other fruit with 3/4 to 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and 1/8 teaspoon salt. Pour into
Place on foil-lined baking sheet in lower third of oven; reduce heat to 350  degrees. Bake until fruit bubbles and crust browns, 1 1/2 hours. If topping begins to brown too quickly, tent with foil. Let cool 6 hours.


