Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Snap the stem off each squash and when inverted, if the squash does not sit flat, trim a little off until it does. Do this for the bottom as well. Cut each squash in half on the horizon and remove and discard seeds.
Line a 9x13-inch pan with foil and place each squash half face up. Divide salt, pepper, allspice and butter between the six halves.
Cover the pan with foil and bake until almost fork tender, about one hour. The squash should be almost tender. The flesh will be removed in another step and cooked further.
While squash are baking, in a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, heat olive oil over medium high heat and add shallots and onion. Cook until tender and translucent, about five minutes. Lower temperature if they start to get too browned.
Add garlic, pear, ginger, sage, cayenne and nutmeg and cook for two minutes.
Add brandy and cook until the brandy has evaporated. Add stock and Worcestershire sauce and remove from heat until the squash has finished baking.
Once the squash is cooked, pour butter that pooled in each squash into the pot. Cool the squash until it can be handled and remove all flesh from the skin and add to the pot. Discard skins.
Heat the pot to a simmer and cook for about 15 minutes or until squash is tender.
Using an immersion blender, puree to smooth.
If you are using the optional garnishes, fry the sage leaves in a thin sheen of hot oil on both sides to crisp and remove to a paper towel. Mince the candied ginger then sprinkle both on top of each serving.


Place a ½ cup scoop of vanilla gelato ice cream into a shallow tea cup.
Optional step: In a small pitcher, combine espresso with the liqueur of your choice and stir to combine. (Or skip to step 3)
Gently pour approximately ¼ cup of hot brewed espresso mixture over the vanilla gelato. Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, cream butter, malted powder and salt.
Add almond extract and mix to combine.
With mixer on low, slowly pour in sugar then mix until mixture is creamy, about two minutes.
Remove from mixer and stir flour in by hand with a wooden spoon until a stiff rather dry dough forms.
Stir in chocolate chips.
Press mixture into an ungreased quarter sheet pan (about 9X12), pressing to edges.
Sprinkle top with nuts and press into dough. Any loose nuts will fall off after baking if not pressed in.
Bake for 25 minutes.
Remove and cool in pan.
Once cool, flip pan over and break into irregular-sized pieces. Store in air tight container.


In a heavy bottomed Dutch oven or nonstick pot over medium high, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and add one cup of the fine diced onions, one cup of the fine diced peppers and the garlic and sauté for one minute. Add the ground beef and cook until no longer pink, breaking it up into small pieces.
When the beef is cooked, pour the entire contents into a strainer and strain off the liquid. Place the beef mixture back into the pan along with the quarter cup of olive oil. Add canned tomatoes, tomato sauce, V-8, Worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, the optional Parmesan rinds, chopped mint, chopped basil, chopped oregano, salt, pepper, sugar and pepper flakes.
Using a heat diffuser under pot (
After 30 minutes add the two cups ¾ inch diced onion and two cups ¾ inch diced bell pepper. Cover and simmer 30 more minutes.
minutes after adding the second batch of onions and peppers to the tomato beef mixture, in a large separate pot of salted water, bring to a boil and cook elbow noodles until just slightly under cooked.
After the tomato mixture has cooked for the second 30 minutes (60 minutes total), with a spider or strainer, add noodles and one cup of pasta water to the tomato beef mixture. Heat and stir for five minutes or until the pasta is perfectly cooked.
With a spoon or tongs, remove the Parmesan cheese rinds and discard.
To serve, ladle into bowls and spoon freshly grated Parmesan cheese over each bowl.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Drain the oil from the anchovy cans and discard. We will be using a better quality olive oil in this recipe.
In a small food processor, 
Place pork in roasting pan and smear the spread all over the pork.
Roast to an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (use a 
Allow roast to rest for 15 minutes before carving.




Reserve 3 slices of bread and cube the rest.
In a large bowl toss cubed raisin bread with apples, cheddar cheese, raisins, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
In a separate bowl, mix milk, egg whites, whole egg, honey, vanilla extract and salt.
Pour wet over dry and mix. Pour the entire bowl into a 2 quart casserole dish and lay the whole slices over top, pressing down with a wooden spoon so everything is soaked. The whole slices can be cut to fit the shape of the casserole dish.
Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for 8-24 hours.
When ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Cover the top with parchment paper cut out to fit casserole dish then cover with foil.
Bake covered for 40 minutes. Uncover and bake for another 20 minutes until puffed and browned.
Turn off oven and let dish sit in oven for 10 more minutes.
Remove from the oven, dust with powdered sugar, and serve warm with syrup, fruit or sweet sauces on the side.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and place a rack in the center of the oven. Line a 12-cup cupcake pan with paper liners.
In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and cardamom. Set aside.
In a measuring cup, combine the chai concentrate and milk. Stir to combine and set aside.
In the bowl of a standmixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whisk the eggs on high for approximately 20 seconds. Add the sugar and whisk again until frothy (about 30 seconds).
Add the oil and vanilla to the mixing bowl and blend until combined. Alternate adding the flour mixture and the milk-chai mixture to the mixing bowl, blending after each addition. (Don’t worry - the batter will be a fairly liquidy batter and this is OK!)
Divide the batter equally into the 12 cupcake liners. Bake for 15-18 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cupcake comes out clean.
Carefully remove the cupcakes from the pan and cool on a wire rack.
While the cupcakes are baking, in a medium bowl, combine the chopped apples, sugar, and cinnamon. Stir to combine.
In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, melt the butter until bubbly. Add the apple mixture and cook with the lid on the pan for approximately 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Remove the lid and cook for an additional 5-10 minutes until the apples are soft. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.
In a small saucepan over medium-high heat, reduce the chai concentrate until have have 3-4 tablespoons remaining in the pan. Set aside in the refrigerator to chill.
In the bowl of a standmixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the softened butter until light and fluffy. Add 1 cup of confectioners sugar and beat until combined.
Alternate adding the reduced chai and the remaining 1½ to 2 cups of confectioners (add all of the reduced chai but only as much sugar as needed to get the right frosting consistency) – whisking well after each addition and scraping the sides of the bowl as necessary. Whip on high for 2-3 minutes to get the frosting a light and fluffy consistency.
Using an 
Place the frosting into a pastry back fitted with a star tip (like 


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a medium pan melt butter and remove from heat. With a wooden spoon, stir in sugar to dissolve. Add vanilla and stir again.
In a small bowl, sift flour, baking powder and salt.
Once the sugar mixture is cool, blend in the egg and mix thoroughly.
Add the dry mix to the sugar mixture and stir to combine.
Add the apples and nuts and stir.
Butter an 8X8 pan and spread batter in evenly.
Bake for 30 minutes until golden brown.
Five minutes before the pan comes out of oven, place glaze mixture in a sauce pan and bring to a boil. Boil on medium and stir for one minute.
As soon as the pan comes out of the oven, pour over glaze then with a sharp knife, cut 4 rows x 4 rows into 16 pieces.
With a spatula, remove each piece to a platter and cool, or serve warm.


Pour vegetable oil into a large (4-5 quart) saucepan. Attach a candy thermometer to the side of the pan. Heat over medium heat until the oil reaches 350 to 360 degrees F – being careful not to over heat.
While the oil heats, pour granulated sugar and cinnamon into a plastic zipper seal bag. Shake to combine. Set bag aside.
Line a baking sheet with 2-3 layers of paper towels. Set aside on counter near saucepan with hot oil. Place a cooling rack on top of another baking sheet. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, sift together both flours, baking soda, baking powder, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon, and cardamom. If necessary, use a whisk to evenly mix.
In a large bowl, whisk egg and sugar together until blended. Add melted butter, vanilla and apple cider and whisk again to combine. Stir in the chopped apples with a rubber spatula.
Place the sifter over the bowl with the wet mixture, then resift the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Use the rubber spatula and stir gently, just to combine and being careful not to overmix.
Using a small cookie dough scoop (1½ inch diameter) drop 5 level scoops of batter, one at a time, into the preheated oil. Use a spider strainer (or heat-proof, long handled slotted spoon) to gently spin the doughnut holes around in the oil so they evenly cook – and keep a close eye on the temperature of the cooking oil to ensure that it stays around the 350-360 degree F range. Cook the doughnut holes until they are a deep golden brown (but not too brown) about 3-5 minutes. Using the spider strainer, carefully remove each doughnut hole to the pan lined with the paper towels to drain.
Repeat with remaining batter. After the doughnut holes have cooled for 1-2 minutes, place 2 or 3 doughtnut holes in the bag with the cinnamon sugar and shake to coat. Place each coated doughnut hole on the cooling rack to finish cooling completely.
Serve immediately.


Before you begin, you will need a Bundt pan 10 inches across and 4 ½ inches deep (12 cups in volume). Liberally butter and flour this pan and set aside.
Also, the cake starts in a cold oven, so do not preheat the oven.
The cider needs to reduce during most of the baking time. Remove ¼ cup from the 2 quarts and set that aside for use later in the glaze.
Take the remaining cider and place in a 3-4 quart sauce pan and bring to a boil. As it begins to boil, foam will rise to the top. Scoop that off and discard and continue to boil until the cider has reduced to one cup.
Take two bowls and sift the flour and salt back and forth between the two bowls three times. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar for five minutes until pale in color.
With mixer running, add one egg at a time beating completely before adding the next. Scrape the bowl and beat again.
Add the vanilla and beat again.
With mixer running, beat in half the flour until incorporated, then all of the cream, again mixing until incorporated then the remaining flour. Beat this on medium for five minutes.
At this point, peel and core the apple and using the large holes on a box grater, grate the apple then add to the batter. Beat just to incorporate.
Pour the batter into the pan and tap the pan on the counter to spread the batter evenly.
Place in the cold oven and turn to 350 degrees F. Start timing now for one hour.
Start timing now for one hour.
After the hour, insert a tooth pick and if it comes out clean, remove from the oven. If not then bake 15 more minutes or until a tooth pick comes out clean.
Let the cake sit in the pan on a rack to cool for 15 minutes.
While the cake is baking, continue to reduce the cider to one cup.
In a small bowl, place a few tablespoons of cold water and stir in the gelatin packet. Then stir in the hot cider and stir to dissolve.
After the cake sits for 15 minutes, using a skewer or fork, poke about a hundred holes in the top and slowly pour in half the reduced cider mixture. Pour slowly so it can absorb into the cake as you pour.
Place a plate over the cake and invert. The cake should slide right out. If any liquid sits on the bottom of the plate, pour that back into the cup with reduced cider.
Poke the same amount of holes into this side and slowly pour in the second half of the reduced cider.
Place in the refrigerator to set for about 30 minutes.
While the cake is setting, in a small bowl, place confectioner’s sugar and vanilla. Whip in a tablespoon of the reserved cider at a time to make a thick creamy glaze. Out of the quarter cup I reserved, I used three tablespoons of it.
Remove the cake from the refrigerator and drizzle the glaze over the top and serve immediately.
You do not need to refrigerate the leftovers. Seal tight and eat within a few days.


Melt butter in a medium non-stick sauce pan then remove from the heat and bring to your counter.
Peel and core each apple one at a time and dice into small to medium dice. As you dice, add to the butter and sprinkle in some lemon juice and stir. Repeat for the other three apples until all the lemon juice is in.
Add water, flour, sugar, cinnamon and cranberries and return to the stove and cook about five minutes over medium to medium high. The apples should be just getting soft but still a little crunchy. Cool mixture by placing in the refrigerator. This step can be done well in advance of filling the eggrolls.
Keep the pile of eggroll wrappers covered while you fill and roll.
Place one wrapper on your counter with one corner facing you.
Divide the filling into eight and place one portion in the front third of the wrapper spreading it from left to right but not all the way to the end. Lift the corner near you and roll away tucking the tip into the filling.
With a fingertip, rub egg mixture along exposed sides all the way to where the roll is folded over.
Grab the left and right corners and fold in towards the center while rolling the entire egg roll away from you finally ending seam down. Repeat for each eggroll and place on a plate, covering with a towel as you roll.
Heat oil in a deep pan (deep enough to cover submerged egg roll) to 350 degrees F (or you can use a 
With tongs or a spider, place half the eggrolls into the hot oil and cook for about three minutes turning occasionally, until golden brown. Remove to paper towels to drain. Repeat for last four after oil has returned to 350 degrees F.
Dust with powdered sugar and serve.


Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Spray a large casserole dish or 9x13-inch glass baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
In a large bowl, combine the apple slices, sugar, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Toss to coat the apples and transfer to the prepared baking dish.
To make the topping, combine the flour, brown sugar and oats in a medium bowl. Add the butter pieces, and with your fingers, rub the butter in the mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle this mixture over the apples.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until the topping is crisp and golden and the inside is warm and bubbly.
Let sit for about 30 minutes before serving with 


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, mix both types of flour and baking powder until blended.
Add sugar, spice, and salt and mix again to combine.
Add cold butter and mix to break up into a crumb like mixture.
Heat the cream and sour cream in the microwave for about a minute to hot but not boiling.
Add vanilla and eggs to dry mix and start mixer. Then slowly add hot cream mixture and mix just to combine. Do not over mix.
Spray standard muffin tin with kitchen pan spray.
Using an ice-cream scoop, scoop half the mixture into nine cups of the tin.
Take nine apple pieces and plunge into the center of the batter in each cup then top with the remaining batter. (You will not use the entire apple)
Bake for 15 minutes then remove from the oven.
While the apple bombs are baking, melt butter in a medium bowl and place sugar and cinnamon in another medium bowl. Stir cinnamon into sugar.
When muffins come out of oven, immediately roll each one all over in the butter then the cinnamon sugar. Place on a rack to cool. Repeat for all nine apple bombs.


Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly spray a 13x9-inch baking pan with pan spray.
In the bowl of a food processor, add the flour, ⅓ cup sugar, and salt. Pulse once quickly to combine. Add the butter pieces and pulse again until the butter is fully incorporated and you have a fine, dry crumb mixture.
Pour the crumb mixture into the prepared baking pan and press into an even layer in the bottom of the pan. (Don’t worry about the crumbs looking too dry in the pan – it will bind together as it bakes.)
In a bowl, combine the apple slices and lemon juice and stir to combine. Arrange the apple slices in rows on top of the crumb mixture. Sprinkle the apples with any remaining lemon juice left in the mixing bowl.
In a small bowl, combine ⅓ cup sugar with the cinnamon. Mix well and then sprinkle the mixture over the apple slices.
Bake in the oven for 20 minutes.
While the pan is in the oven, in a medium sized bowl, mix together the remaining ⅓ cup sugar, egg, milk, vanilla, walnuts and coconut until well combined. Spoon over the partially baked apple crumb mixture and spread as evenly as possible.
Bake for another 20-25 minutes or until the topping is lightly golden brown.
Allow to cool slightly, then cut into squares while still warm. Allow to cool completely before serving.


Make the crust by adding the flour and salt to a food processor and pulse to combine.
Add the cold butter cubes and pulse just to coat them in the flour.
Add lard and again, pulse just a few times.
Add shortening and again pulse a few times.
Add two tablespoons of the ice water and pulse to make a dry dough until it just starts to hold together.
Pour out onto a lightly floured work surface and add remaining water a little bit at a time and mix with your hands. As soon as it stays together, flatten into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate 30 minutes or longer. (I made this a day in advance).
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Butter a 9X9 baking pan and set aside.
Peel and core apples and slice into thick slices. Place in a bowl add lemon juice as you go so they do not brown.
Add cinnamon, black pepper, cloves and flour and toss to combine.
Pour apples into prepared baking pan and drizzle the maple syrup.
Finally sprinkle the raw minced salt pork over the top.
Take the dough from the refrigerator and open the plastic but leave the dough sitting on the plastic.
Flour your hands or a rolling pin and flatten dough to 10X10 square.
Lift the plastic and invert it over the apples and press the edges down into the pan. Don’t worry about it looking neat.
Bake for 45 minutes.
Remove from oven and with a spoon, break the crust up and push some of it down into the filling and bake for 15 more minutes.
While the pandowdy is baking, drizzle a little maple syrup into some heavy cream to sweeten it and to serve, spoon the warm pandowdy into a bowl or plate and drizzle the top with the sweetened cream.


Combine raisins, butter, lemon juice, lemon zest, sugar, vanilla, salt, spices and brandy in a large pan and heat and stir to blend ingredients.
Add apples and pears and simmer 15 minutes or until sauce is thick and fruit is tender.




Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Butter and lightly flour a 
In the medium bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt and stir with a whisk until well blended.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, mix together the oil, eggs, orange juice and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and mix just until smooth (do not over mix), scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed to ensure that all of the dry ingredients are incorporated.
Pour the batter into the prepared springform pan.
In a bowl, toss the sliced apples with the cinnamon-sugar mixture until well-coated.
Arrange the apples all the way around the edge of the cake so that the rounded side of the slices are standing up and the pointed end of each slice is pressed into the batter. Following the same method, make additional inner rows of apples (depending on the size of your apples, this could be one or two rows) until the entire top of the batter is filled in with apples.
Bake the cake for 1½ to 1¾ hours or until a skewer inserted into the center of the cake comes out dry. (The skewer might be slightly sticky from the apples, but there should be no wet batter on the skewer.)
Cool the cake on a wire rack for about 30 minutes, then release the cake from the springform (use a knife around the sides of the cake if necessary to loosen it from the pan).
Cool the cake completely and dust with confectioner’s sugar before serving.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large bowl, sift flour, salt and baking soda.
Stir in brown sugar and rolled oats until combined.
Cut in shortening until fine crumbs form.
In an 8 inch or 9 inch square pan, liberally grease bottoms and sides.
Divide half of flour mixture and pour into pan.
Lay zucchini and apple slices over flour mixture.
Sprinkle granulated sugar over apples and zucchini.
Dob butter pieces around top of sugar.
Pour remaining flour mixture over top and sprinkle the top with the cinnamon.
Bake for 45 minutes.
Cool and cut 3X4 to yields 9 bars.
Serve warm with vanilla ice-cream or cold as is with powdered sugar dusted on top.


Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
Cut squash in half horizontally and remove seeds. Pull or cut off stem if attached and on the other end, slice off a tiny sliver of the end so that it sits upright in a pan without rocking.
Place all four squash halves cut up in a 9x13-inch glass baking dish.
Peel, core and cut apples into one inch cubes and place in large bowl.
Immediately cover with lemon juice and toss to coat.
Add zest, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, flour, salt, sage and apple sauce and mix.
Divide evenly between four acorn squash halves.
Cut the butter into four pieces and press one piece down into the center of each filled squash.
Pour water into the bottom of the baking dish to come about one third of the way up.
Cover pan with parchment and foil and bake for 45 minutes. Check for doneness and bake for 15 minutes more if needed.
Then uncover and bake for 15 minutes more to brown tops. (Ours took the entire hour and 15 minutes).
Remove from oven and serve. (The outside squash skin is not meant to be eaten.)


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Fill a large bowl with water and as you peel each potato, place them in the water until you are ready to slice.
In a small bowl, microwave butter with oil, thyme, salt and pepper until butter is melted. Stir in grated cheese.
Dry each potato as you remove from water. Discard water. Using a mandolin, slice potato slices horizontally as thin as possible and place in a large bowl. When you are about half sliced, pour about half the butter mixture over top. Slice the rest and add to the bowl and top with remaining butter mixture.
With your hands gently work the potatoes and butter mixture to coat.
Spray a 12 cup standard muffin pan with non-stick cooking spray.
Layer slices of potatoes in each cup dividing equally. Discard any liquid left in the bowl. Sprinkle a little additional cheese over each stack and bake for 40-50 minutes or until browned and crispy and cooked through.
Allow to sit for five minutes to set up, then serve, removing each portion from the muffin pan with a soup spoon.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
In a 9x13-inch roasting pan coat chicken wings with ½ cup of sauce. Cover pan with parchment and foil and bake for 45 minutes. Flip wings, cover again and bake for 45 minutes more. Transfer to a broiler pan lined with foil.
Broil wings on both sides for 4-5 minutes until browned, flip and broil the opposite side until golden.
Brush with the remaining sauce and serve.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Remove silver skin from bottom of rib rack by grabbing a corner with a paper towel and pulling to completely remove.
In a roasting pan slather ribs with half of the sauce and place in pan meat side up. Cover the pan with parchment and foil and bake 90 minutes. Remove, flip ribs to meat side down, cover and bake for another 90 minutes.
Remove from pan and discard any liquid in pan.
From here you can separate the ribs, brush with the remaining sauce and serve as is, or to add grill marks, heat on a medium grill just long enough on both sides of the rib rack to add a grill char.


Place all ingredients except the corn starch and water in a medium sauce pan and bring to a boil.
in a separate bowl, mix the corn starch and water to form a slurry and slowly add to the hot liquid while whisking.
Reduce to a simmer. Simmer for 15 minutes.
Cool and refrigerate until needed for ribs, chicken or any other meats.


Mix beef, pork, scallions, garlic, ginger, cilantro, soy, sesame oil, Hoisin and chili sauce until blended, but don’t over work the mixture.
Make six 6-ounce burgers. Sprinkle both sides with sesame seeds.
Heat a cast iron pan or heavy griddle pan over medium heat and place peanut oil in pan. Once hot, place the burgers onto the hot grill and cook for four minutes. Flip and cook for 4-6 more minutes or until your desired doneness.
Serve on seeded rolls with optional Kimchi on top.


Place the chicken breasts with ½ cup of the Asian Citrus Dressing, divided (see 
minutes prior to serving, drain chicken and pat dry with paper towels. Set aside.
In a small sauce pan, heat oil to 350 (use a candy thermometer to test or place one wrapper piece in oil to see if it starts to bubble). Once oil is hot, add half of the wrapper strips and fry for one to two minutes and remove to paper towel to drain (once they start to brown, get ready to remove them with a small strainer or spider, they brown quickly). Sprinkle a little salt over them as soon as they come out of the oil. Repeat for the second half of the strips and set cooked strips aside. (Try not to munch, they are irresistible)
Heat a ribbed pan over medium high heat. Spray both sides of chicken with pan spray and place in the hot pan. Grill on one side for about three minutes and turn. Lower heat to medium and cook until completely done, about another three or four minutes depending on the thickness of the breasts. Let rest while you assemble the salad.
In salad plates or wide rimmed bowls, fan out four trimmed Napa cabbage leaves. Then divide the Mâche rosettes or other greens on top of the cabbage. Next divide the bean sprouts on top of the greens. Place a layer of pea shoots over the bean sprouts, holding a few for garnish. Now begin placing each vegetable around the edges of the plate (pear, pepper, celery, carrot, cucumber and radish) leaving a section open for the chicken. Disperse the jalapeno slices randomly over each salad.
Cut the chicken breasts on the bias and divide between the four plates, placing in the spot you left open.
Divide the cooked wonton strips over each salad in the center.
Sprinkle the whole cilantro leaves over each salad and finish with the remainder of the 


In a large stock pot, place chicken bones or hens, fryer, feet or necks or turkey wing and chicken wings. Fill with just enough hot water to cover. Quickly boil and simmer for five minutes. Strain and discard the water – this will remove most of the impurities from the stock.
Wash the stock pot and return chicken products back to pot.
Place all other ingredients in with the chicken and fill with 1 ½ gallons of cold water.
Slowly bring to a boil. Once boiling, reduce heat and simmer for 4 hours, skimming occasionally.
Once the stock has simmered and reduced, strain and reserve stock for Asian recipes.
Stock may be frozen. (We use zip lock bags to freeze the stock and thaw out the stock as needed).
Pick the meat from the whole fryer and save for soup or other dishes. Discard all other solids.


In a blender or small food processor, puree all ingredients except oils until combined. Slowly add oils with blender running until all of the oil has been added.
Use as a dressing over salad, as a marinade for chicken or pork or as a stir fry sauce with a little corn starch added.


Trim the breasts of any fat and then run the knife horizontally on each breast butterflying them so the thickness is consistent throughout each piece.
In a medium pan with a cover, place water, cilantro, scallions, peppercorns and star anise and bring to a boil. Boil covered for two minutes.
Place the two breasts into the boiling liquid and cover. Keep the flame on until the water just starts to bubble, then shut off flame. Set the timer for five minutes.
After five minutes remove the chicken to a cutting board and discard blanching liquid. Once cool shred with your fingers, pulling the meat apart into shreds. Set aside.
Cook Ramen noodles according to package directions but discard flavor packet.
Drain noodles then rinse under cold water. Drain again, place in a medium bowl and toss with salt.
Add cooked shredded chicken, scallions, cilantro, red onion and orange bell pepper and toss again.
Pour our 


Heat 
Cook noodles according to package directions, usually 1-2 minutes
Prepare toppings of your choice as noted in the ingredients list.
In a soup bowl, place one teaspoon of a good dark soy sauce. Add one ladle of very hot chicken stock and some cooked noodles.
Top noodles with any combination of the toppings and pour an additional ladle of very hot stock over.
Squeeze a little lime juice over the top, garnish with chopped cilantro and chopped scallions, stir and enjoy.


Prepare Delicata squash by following instructions in 
While squash is roasting heat a pan of water to boiling and place green beans in water for about three minutes. Drain and plunge into an ice water bath. Remove, dry and set aside.
Once squash is cooked, toss in a large bowl with blanched green beans, chopped scallions, spinach, cilantro and cashews.
Toss with our 


Melt butter in a medium non-stick sauce pan then remove from the heat and bring to your counter.
Peel and core each apple one at a time and dice into small to medium dice. As you dice, add to the butter and sprinkle in some vinegar and stir. Repeat for the other two apples until all the vinegar is in.
Add water, flour, sugar, currants, coconut and 5-spice powder and return to the stove and cook about five minutes over medium to medium high. The apples should be just getting soft but still a little crunchy. Cool mixture by placing in the refrigerator. This step can be done well in advance of filling the egg rolls.
Keep the pile of egg roll wrappers covered while you fill and roll.
Place one wrapper on your counter with one corner facing you.
Divide the filling into eight and place one portion in the front third of the wrapper spreading it from left to right but not all the way to the end. Lift the corner near you and roll away tucking the tip into the filling.
With a finger tip, rub egg mixture along exposed sides all the way to where the roll is folded over.
Grab the left and right corners and fold in towards the center while rolling the entire egg roll away from you finally ending seam down. Repeat for each eggroll and place on a plate, covering with a towel as you roll.
Heat oil in a deep pan (deep enough to cover submerged egg roll) to 350 degrees F.
With tongs or a spider, place half the eggrolls into the hot oil and cook for about three minutes turning occasionally, until golden brown. Remove to paper towels to drain. Repeat for last four after oil has returned to 350 degrees F.
To make the dip, mix all three ingredients and serve with the fried egg rolls.


Cook the asparagus following our 
In a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan, melt the butter and olive oil together over medium-high heat. Add the diced onion and sauté for 5 minutes, until the onions are translucent.
Add the Arborio rice, stirring frequently for 2-3 minutes until the rice is just starting to turn lightly golden.
Quickly pour in the white wine and allow the liquid to boil and be absorbed into the rice. Then pour in ¼ cup of vegetable stock to the rice, stirring constantly. (If necessary, adjust the heat under the pot – you want a medium simmer so the rice and stock cook together.) Add more stock ¼ cup at a time – adding more just as most but not all of the liquid is absorbed before adding in more stock.)
Cook the rice and stock together in this manner for approximately 25 minutes or so – until the rice is tender but not mushy. Turn the heat off when the liquid is mostly absorbed, but not completely and stir in the Parmesan cheese, asparagus and lemon juice and zest. Stir to combine and add salt and pepper to taste. Remove the pan from the heat and cover – let sit for 2-3 minutes before serving.
Serve with additional lemon zest on the top if desired.


Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Rinse and drain asparagus, then snap off the tough bottom ends. Blot dry with paper towels.
Place the asparagus spears in a 9x13-inch baking dish. Drizzle the olive oil over the spears, then sprinkle the salt, pepper, minced garlic and lemon zest over the asparagus. Using your hands, toss lightly to evenly coat, then spread the asparagus in a single layer in the dish.
Bake for 10 minutes (a few minutes less if your asparagus is skinny, a few minutes more if your asparagus is fat) until the asparagus is just tender (it will continue to cook as it cools). Sprinkle the feta over the asparagus and allow to slightly melt in the baking dish for a few minutes.
Remove to a serving platter and serve immediately or at room temperature. Additional lemon zest can be added for garnish if you'd like.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Crush the crackers finely, but not to dust. You can use a food processor or your hands. (We used our hands to ensure that we didn’t over process the crackers.) Add the sugar, then knead in the butter until the crumbs hold together like dough. Press into an 8 inch pie pan. Chill for 15 minutes, then bake for 18 minutes or until the crust colors a little.
While the crust is cooling (it doesn't need to be cold), beat the egg yolks into the milk, then beat in the citrus juice. It is important to completely combine these ingredients. Pour into the shell and bake for 16 minutes until the filling has set.
Chill completely before serving. Serve with fresh whipped cream (we used a piping bag to top the pie with whipped cream but you can also simply spoon it on top) and (optional) a sprinkling of sea salt.


In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, place olive oil and bacon and cook over medium high for 8-10 minutes until the bacon is crispy.
Add the onions and lower heat to medium low and cook for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add garlic and cook for one minute.
With a slotted spoon or spider, remove bacon and onion mixture to a large bowl.
Lay pork pieces out and salt and pepper both sides.
Heat the pot with the bacon fat to medium high and once hot, sear meat in three or four batches. Do not over crowd pan and sear each side for three to four minutes. Remove to bowl with bacon and onions as you sear each batch. The searing process should take 30-40 minutes total. Don’t rush this step; just make sure each piece is nice and golden brown.
Once the last batch is done, pour the bowl back in the pot and add the white wine. Stir to get all brown bits from bottom of pot.
Add carrots, apples, apple sauce, one can of stock and bay leaves. Bring to boil, lower to a simmer, and place cover partially on. Simmer for two hours, stirring occasionally.
After two hours, add second can of stock and the potatoes and bring to a rolling simmer. Cook five minutes then add squash and cook for an additional 15 minutes. (Be careful at this point as the mixture will be thick and if not watched, may stick and burn). The pork is very tender so as you stir, try not to break the meat up too much.
Once the potatoes and squash are cooked, serve stew in bowls.


Note: Prepare the vinaigrette before you start cooking the pasta – it gets added while the pasta is still hot just after cooking.
Cook pasta according to package directions and drain well. Place in large bowl and pour the 
Once pasta is at room temperature, add cooked chicken, both peppers, onions, olives, garlic and parsley. Toss to combine.
Gently add avocado and toss. Top with feta cheese and serve.


Slice avocado in half and remove the pit (see our 
Add the diced mango into the blender with the avocado, as well as all of the other ingredients.
Blend until smooth and creamy. Add additional apple juice to make a thinner consistency if needed.


Slice avocados in half lengthwise and remove pit (
Trim the crusts from the slices of rye bread. Then cut in half diagonally to form triangles.
When ready to serve, lightly toast the rye bread triangles. Once toasted, spread the avocado mixture onto the rye toasts. Garnish with slices of pickled red onions.


Husk the corn and 
While the corn is cooling, cut the grape tomatoes in half and cut the avocado into ½ inch pieces. (You can also slice the onions and drain the black beans at this point.)
To make the dressing, in a small bowl, whisk together the ½ cup olive oil, chopped fresh cilantro, lime zest and lime juice. Add a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper.
To the large bowl with the corn, add the halved tomatoes, diced avocado, red onion, and beans. Pour in the dressing and toss gently. Add additional salt and pepper to taste as desired.


Cook bacon until crisp. Crumble or chop and set aside. Reserve one tablespoon of the bacon fat.
In a medium sized skillet over medium-low heat, place reserved bacon fat, butter and olive oil along with onions, salt, pepper and sugar, and sauté for 30 – 45 minutes or until caramelized. Remove from heat, and strain onions, discarding fat. Set aside to cool.
In a small bowl, blend crumbled bacon, cooled sautéed onions, blue cheese and cheddar cheese. Form into six to eight balls depending on how many burgers you get from the total amount of beef. (We made eight 6-ounce patties.)
Using a round ramekin or bowl about 5 inches wide and 2 inches deep, line with plastic wrap.
Take half of one six ounce portion of beef and press into the bottom of the ramekin, pushing the meat slightly up the sides like a saucer shape. Drop a portion of the cheese mixture into the center and press slightly. Take the other half of the beef portion and form into a round disk with your fingers, then place it over the cheese mixture. With your fingers, press down all around the edges to seal. Pull up on the plastic wrap and flip the patty over back into the ramekin and press the edges again to seal completely. Pull up on the plastic again to release the finished patty and repeat for all eight burgers. Make sure edges are completely sealed.
In a cast iron skillet or heavy bottomed pan, over medium to medium high heat, cook the burgers a few at a time for about two to three minutes on one side.
Reduce heat to medium, flip the burgers and cover with an inverted metal or heat proof glass bowl. (This will help retain the heat and cook it on the sides and through to the cheese mixture.) Cook on this side for another two to three minutes and remove for medium doneness. (You can hold in a warm oven if you wish while you finish the remaining burgers.)
Serve on a large burger or deli roll smeared with mayonnaise and a side of lettuce and tomato.


In a large skillet or sauté pan, melt two tablespoons of butter in two tablespoons of the oil over medium high heat.
Add scallions, red bell pepper, green bell pepper and jalapeno and sauté for four minutes.
Add garlic and bacon and sauté for two minutes.
Add remaining butter and olive oil and once melted, add shredded potatoes. Take a wide flat spatula and flip over so the newly added potato faces down down. Fry for ten minutes flipping the mixture about every two minutes.
Remove from heat and cool completely to room temperature by spreading out onto a sheet pan in a single layer to cool quickly.
As stated in my note, this next step is crucial to the finished bread. The flour MUST be sifted and measured as sifted.
Scoop out flour into a sifter with a one cup measuring cup over a plate. Sift flour into the cup letting the excess spill onto the plate. As you fill each cup, even out the top then pour into a large mixing bowl. On the last cup, gather the excess from the plate and measure out the last cup.
Sift in the baking powder, salt, garlic powder, cumin and sugar. Then take another large bowl and sift the whole mixture back into another large mixing bowl. I know this seems like a lot of extra work but it is necessary to achieve a bread that is not hard and dense.
Butter two 9X5 loaf pans and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Take the now cooled hash browns and spoon in a few spoonfuls into the flour and gently toss them with your hands to coat. Keep doing this with all of the hash browns.
Then do the same thing with the shredded cheese, being gentle as you mix and fluff.
Pour in the two bottles of beer and with a large wooden spoon, gently reach down the bottom and fold the mixture onto itself. Keep turning the bowl and folding the mixture over the top until combined. Do not over mix and in fact, a little under mixed is better.
Gently scoop the mixture into both pans equally but do not press down and do not smooth the top. Gently coax the dough to the corners.
Take the 12 pieces of butter and dot the top of each loaf.
Immediately place in the oven and bake for exactly one hour, no longer.
If they are not brown enough, place under the broiler for a minute or so to brown.
As soon as you can, invert the dough out into your oven mitted hand and gently flip back upright onto a cooling rack where you will cool completely before slicing.
Once cool, cut with a serrated knife and grill in a little butter or toast then butter. Great served with eggs.
Wrap up and refrigerate any unused bread.


Cook bacon to crisp and crumble, reserving one tablespoon of bacon fat. Set bacon aside.
In a large skillet over medium high, add bacon fat and onions. Cook onions 3-5 minutes until soft. Press them to the sides and add ground beef to center and cook, breaking meat apart. Cook until no longer pink.
Drain meat mixture and return to heat and add ketchup, relish, mustard and A-1 sauce. Lower heat and add cheese and stir until it melts and mixture is hot.
Pour out into a serving bowl and serve with your favorite corn chips.


The night before preparing the cornbread, mix the corn meal and buttermilk in a bowl, cover and let sit overnight on your counter at room temperature.
The day of, cook the bacon until crisp and reserve the fat. You can either cook the bacon on parchment lined sheet trays in the oven or in a fry pan on your stove top. Drain on paper towels, then crumble or chop to small pieces and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and using a 9x9-inch baking pan or a 9-inch round cake pan, place two tablespoons of the reserved bacon fat in the pan and place the pan in the oven while you prepare the batter.
In a medium to large bowl, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
Stir in the granulated and brown sugar to combine.
In a small bowl, beat the eggs slightly.
In a microwave safe small bowl, melt butter. Stir in the honey and then add this butter/honey mixture to the beaten eggs and stir.
Now add the egg mixture to the cornmeal mixture that sat out overnight.
Then take this wet mixture and add to the dry ingredients and stir until smooth.
Stir in the corn and set the batter aside.
With pot holders, remove the now hot pan from the oven, swirl around the fat to coat the bottom and sides and pour in the cornbread batter. Sprinkle on the bacon pieces pushing slightly into the batter.
Place back in oven and bake for 30-40 minutes or until a tooth pick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Cool on a rack in the pan then cut into either 9 or 12 pieces.


In a small sauce pan, place all port reduction ingredients and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook down to ½ cup, about 15 minutes. Strain liquid and discard solids. Set aside.
In a small bowl, mix softened butter, blue cheese and chopped rosemary. Set aside.
In a large pan or griddle, cook bacon over medium high heat just until it starts to turn brown and transfer to paper towels to drain. The bacon and shrimp cook at two different times so the bacon needs to be partially cooked first before wrapping raw shrimp. Do not cook the bacon too long or it will not be pliable enough to wrap around raw shrimp.
Take one tablespoon of bacon fat and add to blue cheese butter and mix thoroughly. Save remaining bacon fat for other recipes.
Place butter mixture in a small pastry bag with an open round tip (one big enough to accept small pieces of blue cheese without getting clogged). Set aside.
On a cutting board, cut each strip of bacon in half across the center which will give you 32 pieces. That should also be the count in the two pounds of shrimp. Leftover shrimp if any, use for other recipes.
Take each half strip of bacon and wrap once around each shrimp and secure with a toothpick coming in from the side so the shrimp will cook flat. Repeat for all 32 pieces.
Using the same griddle, clean and heat to medium to medium high.
Add oil and once hot, place all of the bacon wrapped shrimp down onto the pan on their sides. If the pan is too crowded, cook in two batches or cook with two pans at once on two burners.
Cook for about two minutes or until they start to turn pink. Flip and repeat for other side. Do not overcook. If you are not sure, pull one out to test.
Shut off burner and with pastry bag, pipe blue cheese butter over each one then immediately remove shrimp to a platter leaving fat and residue in pan.
Just before serving, drizzle with port reduction or serve port reduction on the side.


Place egg yolks and lemon juice in a small bowl and leave at room temperature for 30 minutes while you cook the bacon. This step is necessary to “cook” the yolks with the acid from the lemon juice. The other option would be to use two coddled egg yolks, (see 
Cook bacon until very crisp. Drain on paper towels and set aside. Save bacon fat.
Pour olive oil in a small bowl and stir in all of the bacon fat. Place in the refrigerator to cool but not solidify.
Place egg yolk and lemon mixture in a blender and add mustard, liquid smoke, salt and pepper and with the motor running, very slowly drizzle in the cooled bacon fat and oil. This process should take about two minutes so pour very slowly.
After two minutes, pour or scrape mixture into a bowl and add onion.
Finely chop enough of the cooked crisp bacon to make ½ cup and add to mixture. Save any remaining bacon for other recipes.
Stir mixture and refrigerate for two hours and serve. May be refrigerated for up to two weeks.


½ hours before serving, pull dough from refrigerator and set on pan brushed with olive oil or sprayed with pan spray. Spray or brush the tops, cover with plastic and a dish towel and let sit at room temperature for two hours. If using store bought dough, adjust time downward depending on the quality, texture and flexibility of the dough.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
On a floured surface cut each seven ounce dough ball in half giving you four balls. With a rolling pin, roll out dough to six inches round or square. Repeat for other three dough balls.
In a medium bowl, mix apples, walnuts, oil, cinnamon, nutmeg, pepper, salt, raisins, cheese and agave nectar (or honey).
Divide this mixture between each dough square placing a pile in the center. Brush the edges slightly with water and then pull all of the edges towards the center and squeeze and seal. It is ok if there are a few gaps left open, just bring them to the top so the filling does not leak out. Make sure the top is tightly pressed together with a little twisting and squeezing motion.
Place on a parchment lined sheet pan or cookie sheet and spray tops with pan spray.
Bake for 20 minutes, remove from oven and brush with softened or melted butter then immediately sprinkle with the raw sugar.
Serve hot out of the oven with vanilla ice cream.


Before opening the phyllo dough package, have a clean, dry cloth such as a dishtowel on hand. In order to prevent the phyllo dough from drying out, you will use this dish cloth to cover the phyllo that you are not working with.
Unroll the phyllo dough and lay one sheet of dough onto a large cutting board. With a pastry brush, brush the dough with melted butter. It’s OK if it tears a bit – as you use more layers of phyllo dough, the tears will be covered. Wrap phyllo around the brie (you can use more butter to get the folds to stick to the round of brie like I did.)
Take the next sheet of phyllo dough and brush it with melted butter. Place the wrapped brie fold side down in the center of the phyllo sheet and wrap around the brie. Repeat until you have wrapped 5 sheets of phyllo around the cheese, always turning the cheese over each time so that the folds are on the bottom.
Brush a generous amount of butter on your 6th sheet of phyllo dough. Then spread the jam across the top of the cheese. Gently place the phyllo over the jam, being careful not to tear the dough. Finish wrapping the brie with the dough, folding the edges underneath the brie and using additional butter as needed to smooth the phyllo folds around the cheese.
Place in a round baking pan or on a cookie sheet. Bake 15 minutes in a 425 degree oven or until lightly brown. Let sit for 5 minutes before serving with crackers.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees
In a large skillet over medium high heat, melt 4 tablespoons of butter and add mushrooms. Sauté for two minutes.
Add celery, onions, salt and pepper and sauté just for one more minute. (Celery will still be crunchy)
Lower heat to medium and add flour. Cook for one minute over medium stirring often.
While stirring with a wooden spoon, add cream a little at a time, stirring constantly. Cook for one minute and remove from heat.
In a large bowl, place chicken and mayonnaise and stir. Add in mixture from pan, stir and pour into a two quart casserole dish.
In a small bowl, melt remaining two tablespoons of butter and add crushed Ritz. Sprinkle this over the casserole and bake uncovered for 45 minutes.
Remove and serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Line a small pan with foil and spray with non-stick cooking spray. Lay fish in center. If using a piece with the tail, fold tail under so the fish is even thickness.
In a medium pan, melt butter in olive oil over medium heat and add onions and cook for three minutes. Add mushrooms and cook for three more minutes. Add spinach and cook one minute or until spinach is wilted.
Pour this mixture into a medium bowl and add lemon juice, lemon zest, milk, pepper and crushed Ritz. Mix thoroughly to combine.
Spread the Boursin cheese over the fish evenly. Spread the stuffing loosely over the cheese pushing back up any stuffing that falls off.
Cover with parchment and foil and bake covered for 20 minutes.
Remove foil and parchment and bake for an additional 10 minutes.
Great served with white rice.


Preheat oven to 450°F. Mix seasonings in small bowl.
Place fish, skin-side down, in lightly greased baking pan. Lightly brush with oil. Sprinkle seasoning mixture evenly over fish.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily with a fork.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
On a griddle or frying pan, cook the bacon until crisp. Place on paper towels to absorb any excess fat and let cool. Chop bacon into small pieces.
In a small dry frying pan, toast about 6-8 pecans until very lightly golden brown. Remove from heat and let cool. Chop pecans into small pieces.
In a bowl, combine bacon, pecans, goat cheese, and thyme.
Cut figs in half, removing stems. Press the back of a small spoon into the centers of the fig halves making a small indentation in each. Spoon a heaping teaspoon of bacon mixture into each fig half.
Place fig halves on one side of foil lined sheet pan and baguette slices on the other half and bake for 7 minutes at 350 degrees.
Remove the baking sheet from the oven. Place the now-toasted baguette slices on your serving dish and place one fig half on the baguette. Drizzle honey over the fig and serve immediately.


Place a medium pot of salted water on to a boil and place a strainer into the water. Add spinach and after one minute, remove strainer and drain but leave water on heat. Squeeze spinach and place in medium bowl and set aside. There will be another step to cook gnocchi and at that point, you will bring the water back to a boil.
In a large sauté pan, heat oil over medium high and add onion, peppers and pepper flakes. Cook until soft, about 3-4 minutes. Add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Move vegetables to outside edge of the pan and add sausage meat. Cook until browned. Add tomatoes and tomato paste and stir entire mixture and cook until thickened. Remove from heat.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Return water to a boil and place gnocchi into water. As soon as they float, remove to a strainer and discard water. Add heavy cream and drained gnocchi back to pan and heat over medium until gnocchi absorbs the cream. Remove from heat.
While gnocchi is cooking, in the medium bowl with the spinach, add ricotta, egg, parsley, salt, pepper, basil and ¾ cup of the Parmesan cheese. Mix to combine.
In a 2 quart casserole dish, layer half the meat sauce, all of the ricotta mixture, all of the gnocchi, the second half of the sauce and the remaining Parmesan. Top with the mozzarella and bake for 30 minutes uncovered.
Let set for ten minutes and serve.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Place haddock on a foil lined sheet tray brushed with a little oil.
Toast cashews in a dry pan for about five minutes or until browned, tossing often. Coarsely chop and add to a medium bowl.
Add crushed Ritz and mayonnaise and mix.
Sprinkle the fish with the salt and pepper.
Smear the mayonnaise mixture over the fish, drizzle with the olive oil and bake uncovered for about 15 minutes or until cooked through.
Brown for a few seconds under a broiler and serve.


Cut just the tip of the stem end off the jalepeno leaving the top of the pepper intact. The end needs to stay on to hold the filling. Then cut in half from top to bottom. With a melon baller or spoon, cut just below the stem end to release the seed pack then scoop out from the opposite end pulling the melon baller or spoon towards the stem end. The seeds will pop right out leaving both ends intact (like a mini canoe).
In a medium bowl, mix softened cream cheese, cilantro, salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, optional smoked paprika and shredded cheese. Divide filling between the 12 jalapeno halves filling or over filling to use all of creamed cheese mixture. Set aside in small to medium baking pan.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
In a medium sauté pan, melt butter over medium heat and cook garlic one minute. Remove from heat and add panko and stir.
Dip each filled jalapeno one at a time, filling side down, into crumbs and place back into pan filling up. Bake for 20-25 minutes until golden. Place under broiler for a few minutes if you wish to brown them further as more oven time will make them sag.
Serve immediately with cold beer and a football game playing in the background.


Cut tomatoes in half horizontally and with a teaspoon, scoop out seed pockets and discard, leaving pulp and core. Once cut, place the tomatoes upside down on paper towels. They will drain and dry and bake better this way.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees and line a small pan with foil and spray with kitchen pan spray. Set aside.
While tomatoes are drying, in a medium bowl place all other ingredients and mix to combine.
Invert the tomatoes and place on prepared pan.
Start by filling all the crevices left behind when you removed the seeds. Then place the remaining mixture over the top of each, pressing down slightly just to keep the crumbs in place.
Place uncovered in the oven for up to 20 minutes or until golden brown and just slightly soft on the outside of tomato. Tomato size and ovens vary so cooking time may be plus or minus five minutes. Our medium-sized tomatoes were done in just about 18 minutes. If they get too brown too quick, finish baking with foil over tops.




Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a small sauté pan, over medium heat sauté shallots in olive oil until just starting to get soft (about 2 to 3 minutes). Add thyme, lemon zest, salt and pepper, stir and cook for one minute. Lay tilapia flat in a small baking pan and brush with lemon juice. Then spread shallot mixture over each filet. Set aside.
In the small sauté pan, add all ingredients for vegetable topping but do not cook yet.
In a medium sauté pan, over medium heat, place olive oil and garlic and cook for two minutes. Remove from heat and add marjoram, green beans, salt and pepper and set aside. (Hold off on finishing cooking the beans – but have the wine and lemon juice ready for the final steps in this recipe.)
In a small sauce pan, place stock, quinoa, thyme sprigs and pepper. Cover and bring to a boil. Lower heat to a low simmer and cook 12 minutes. Remove from heat but leave covered and let sit for 15 minutes untouched.
At the same time you start the quinoa, place tilapia in the oven, uncovered. The tilapia should take between 15 and 25 minutes to cook depending how thick the filets are.
When there is ten minutes left for the quinoa, heat the two pans (vegetable topping and green beans) over medium heat. Cook both just until tender but still crisp. Remove topping from heat and set aside. Add wine to beans, raise heat and cook for a few minutes more. Remove from heat and squeeze the tablespoon of lemon juice over the green beans.
Before serving, remove and discard thyme sprig from quinoa. To serve, place a tilapia portion, ¼ of the quinoa, ¼ of the beans and ¼ of the sauté vegetables onto a dinner plate for each guest.


Place tomatoes into a strainer over a bowl and sprinkle with ½ teaspoon salt and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the rest of the dish.
Cook bacon until crisp and drain on paper towels. Cut bacon strips into bite sized pieces and set aside. Reserve 2 tablespoons of bacon fat.
In a medium pot, melt butter over medium heat and add flour. Cook for four minutes stirring often. While this is cooking, heat cream to hot but not scaled either in a small sauce pan or in the microwave.
Add the hot cream to the butter and flour mixture one third at a time whisking on each third to form a smooth sauce. Add ½ teaspoon of salt, pepper, nutmeg, ½ cup of Parmesan cheese, 3 ounces of the fontina cheese, fresh basil and minced garlic. Stir to combine, heat to hot and remove from heat. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a large saute pan over medium high, heat two tablespoons of bacon fat and cook chicken for about 1-2 minutes on each side. Should be slightly under-cooked as it will cook further in the oven. Remove cooked chicken to a dish or plate.
Boil a pot of water and cook tortellini according to package instructions but remove from the water before the tortellini is fully cooked, as it will cook further in the oven.
Depending on the size of your dishes, arrange four to six oven-safe, wide flat 
Spoon about two tablespoons of sauce on the bottom of each dish and spread to cover bottoms.
Divide the cooked tortellini, cooked chicken, cooked bacon and the drained diced tomatoes among the individual dishes.
Pour the sauce over each filled dish, dividing evenly.
Sprinkle the remaining Parmesan and Fontina over the tops of the six dishes.
Place the sheet pan in the oven and bake for 20-25 minutes until the tops are browned and bubbly.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Peel, seed and cut squash into one inch cubes
Mix squash with oil and pour out onto a sheet pan. Bake for 20 minutes or until tender, flipping half way through.
Place into a food processor with butter, salt, pepper, brown sugar, nutmeg and cinnamon. Puree until creamy and set aside.
Reduce oven to 350 degrees F.
Melt butter in a medium pan that has a tight fitting lid, but don't use lid yet.
Peel, core and dice apples into bite sized pieces adding to butter and mixing as you dice to avoid dis-colorization.
Add flour and sugar and bring heat to medium. Cover and cook five minutes or until just barely tender. Set aside.
Mix all topping ingredients and set aside.
In a buttered casserole dish (ours was a 8x12x3 oval), add apples, then squash, and finally the crispy topping.
Bake uncovered for 15 minutes until hot and bubbly.


Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
Trim the ends and cut the zucchini in half. With a spoon, remove any large seeds. (Smaller seeds can stay if the zucchini are small.)
Cut zucchini into thick French-fry sized pieces leaving skins on.
Lay out three medium to large bowls.
In the first place flour, salt and pepper.
In the second place the eggs and milk.
In the bowl of a food processor, pulverize Ritz, panko and Romano to a fine crumb and place in the third bowl.
Coat a sheet pan with sides with half the oil. Set aside.
Place all of the zucchini fries in the bowl with the flour and toss the bowl and squash to coat all sides. Remove to a plate and discard any leftover flour.
Taking a few at a time, dip in egg, shake off excess and coat in cracker crumbs mixture then lay out on the prepared pan.
Once the pan is full, drizzle the remaining oil over the fries then spray the whole pan and squash with the pan spray.
Bake for 10-12 minutes or until crisp and golden.
Serve with our roasted red pepper dipping sauce (recipe coming tomorrow)


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
In a large bowl, sift both flours, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Stir in granola.
In a medium bowl, mix brown sugar with mashed bananas, eggs, whole milk and oil.
Add wet to dry and mix.
Stir in chocolate chips.
Butter and flour 16 muffin cups.
Divide batter between the muffin cups filling to top.
Bake for 15 – 20 minutes until a tooth pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool on racks or serve warm.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
In a 9x13-inch baking pan coat chicken wings with ½ cup of 
Broil wings on both sides for 4-5 minutes until browned, flip and broil the opposite side until golden.
Brush with the remaining sauce and serve.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Remove silver skin from underside of ribs by grabbing with a paper towel and pulling off.
In a roasting pan equal in size to the ribs, place rib rack along with 1½ cups of Mozelle's Barbecue Sauce. Slather all over ending with meat side up. Cover with parchment paper, then foil and bake 90 minutes. Remove from the oven and flip the rack over so the meat faces down, then cover back up and bake 90 more minutes.
Remove rack from pan and discard liquid. Rack will be fall apart tender so be gentle.
When ready to serve, preheat grill to a medium heat.
Using a brush, remove any remaining sauce or liquid from the ribs and pat dry with paper towels.
Brush the meat side of the ribs with oil and place meat side down on preheated grill. Grill just long enough to add gill marks, about 4-5 minutes. Flip and add grill marks to the other side.
Remove to a cutting board, and slather with extra Mozelle's Barbecue Sauce.
Cut into individual ribs to serve.


In a small bowl, combine the salt, coriander, cumin, cloves, cinnamon, cardamom, black pepper, chili powder and turmeric. Set aside.
Place the chicken pieces into a medium-sized bowl. Sprinkle the spice mixture evenly over the chicken and stir to coat all of the pieces completely. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let the chicken stand at room temperature for 30 minutes (or in the refrigerator for 1-2 hours).
In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic and jalepeno and cook, stirring constantly, until the onions are soft and translucent (about 5 minutes). Remove the onion mixture to a clean bowl, reserving the drippings in the skillet. Sautee half the chicken in the skillet for about 2-3 minutes or until the chicken is tender and no pink remains. Remove the chicken from the pan and place into the bowl with the cooked onion mixture. Repeat with the remaining chicken and once cooked, place into the same bowl.
In a bowl, whisk together the coconut milk and cornstarch, and then add it to the skillet. Cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture is thick and bubbly. Add the chicken and onion mixture to the skillet and also add in the basil and gingerroot. Stir to combine and then cook for about 2-3 minutes or until the mixture is completely heated.
Serve immediately over hot cooked rice.


Soak beans overnight, uncovered and at room temperature in a sufficient amount of water to double the volume (1/2 pound of dry beans will yield one pound after being soaked overnight)
In a medium to large Dutch oven, sauté the onions, pepper and celery in bacon fat over medium high heat for three minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute. Add all other ingredients except rice and garnishes. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer.
Cook covered for 60 minutes or until beans are almost tender (larger black turtle beans may take more time than a smaller black pea bean so adjust liquid and time as needed). Remove the four pieces of smoked shoulder to a cutting board. Add rice to the pot, return cover and cook for 15 minutes then remove from heat and leave covered for 5 minutes.
While rice is cooking and resting, cut smoked shoulder into small pieces and add to beans and rice once done.
Serve garnished with chopped scallions and cilantro.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees
In a small pan, heat oil to hot. With a pair of tongs, heat tortilla shell in oil one at a time for no more than five seconds per side. Drain on paper towels. You are only heating the shell to soften it up and make it pliable. If you cook it longer, it will crisp up and you won’t be able to roll it.
Lay out the four shells and divide the refried beans, black beans and beef between each. Divide the ½ cup of Jack cheese between the four shells. Roll each tight ending seam side down.
Spray a baking dish large enough to hold the four enchiladas and place the four prepared rolls seam side down in the pan. Pour the 2 cups of enchilada sauce across the surface letting it drip down into the pan. Cover the top with the one cup of the cheese.
Bake the dish uncovered for 20 minutes. Move to the broiler and broil just long enough to brown tops.
Serve two to a portion with chopped lettuce, tomato, sour cream and Mexican side dishes of your choice.


In a gallon zipper seal bag, place beef, beer, brown sugar, thyme and bay. Seal and marinate overnight.
Three hours before dinner, preheat oven to 325 degrees and in a 2 quart casserole dish, place mixture from bag including all liquid, garlic, onions and carrots. Mix to combine.
Cover with parchment and foil and cook for three hours.
While beef is cooking, in a small bowl, mix butter, flour, mustard powder, salt and pepper. Set aside.
After three hours remove beef from oven.
Cook noodles according to package directions while making gravy.
Place a strainer over a medium sauce pan and pour beef liquid to drain into pan. Place solids back in casserole dish. Heat beef liquid to hot. Microwave butter and flour mixture, also to hot (necessary to avoid lumps).
With a wire whip, add hot butter and flour mixture to hot liquid and stir to combine to make the gravy. Add gravy seasoning and stir.
Place strainer back over dish with meat and pour sauce through strainer back over meat and stir to mix in.
Serve in a family-style bowl over the cooked noodles.


Heat vegetable oil to 350 degrees in a large heavy bottomed pan full enough to cover the chimichangas while cooking.
Lay out the four tortillas and divide the heated (
Roll tightly from one side to the other and fold over each end and pinch closed with a bull dog clip.
Fry a few at a time in hot oil until golden brown, about 4-5 minutes.
Serve with heated 


Approximately 1½ to 2 hours before serving, trim beef of all fat and gristle, leaving about one pound of meat. Slice on the bias into slices about three to four inches long and about an inch and a half wide. Place in a gallon zip lock bag.
Mix all of the marinade ingredients and add to the bag. Squeeze and move around so all pieces get covered. Seal and refrigerate ninety minutes to two hours, longer if you are using a cheaper cut of meat.
While beef is marinating, make spread by whipping all ingredients and refrigerating until later.
Heat a ribbed grill pan over medium high heat.
Lightly butter both sides of each piece of bread and grill to form grill marks. Wipe the grill pan and remove from heat.
Heat a medium sauce pan with the two cups of oil to 275 degrees F, no higher. Use a candy thermometer to gauge. Drop the shallots in and cook for about eight minutes or until lightly golden brown. Move them to a plate to hold. Reheat the same oil to 350 degrees F. Place a strainer over a metal bowl and have this standing by. Also cover a plate with paper towels. Once the oil is at 350 degrees, drop the shallots back in for only a few seconds to crisp then pour the whole pan, oil and shallots, into the metal bowl with the strainer. Lift the strainer out and shake out shallots onto the paper towels. Set these aside.
Remove the meat from the bag and discard the marinade. Lay out the pieces of beef and pat dry on both sides.
Heat the grill pan to medium high to high and brush some of the oil from the shallot bowl of oil onto the grill grates and fry one third of the beef, laying each piece down then after a minute, flipping with tongs. They will cook quickly. Once cooked, move to a plate or platter. Wipe pan between batches and cook the remaining two batches.
To assemble, divide the spread between the twelve slices of grilled bread, top with the beef then again with the crispy shallots.


Season the ribs with the salt and pepper.
Heat a large oven proof Dutch oven over medium high heat and add oil.
Once hot, add half the ribs and sear on all sides for 2-3 minutes per side or until browned. Remove to a platter and repeat for rest of ribs. Remove the second batch to the same platter.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Using same pot, turn the heat to medium and add the shallots and onions and cook for about three minutes or until just slightly cooked.
Add tomato paste and cook and stir for one minute.
Add the ale and stir and cook until reduced by half.
Add the sprigs of thyme and parsley, stock and Worcestershire sauce. Add the seared ribs to the pot, bring to a boil, cover and place in oven for three hours with lid slightly ajar. Halfway through cooking, turn ribs, cover again and finish cooking with lid slightly ajar.
If you are serving with 
With a pair of tongs, remove ribs and bones to a platter to cool.
Remove and discard the thyme stems. The parsley will have disintegrated into the sauce.
Pour the liquid into a container and with a ladle, skim off and discard the fat that floats to the top. I removed an entire cup of fat.
Once the meat has cooled enough to handle, separate the meat from the bones, fat, gristle and sinew. Reserve meat and if not already shredded, shred with two forks. Discard bones and gristle. You should have 1 ½ pounds of cooked meat.
Place butter in same pot that the ribs were cooked in and melt over medium heat.
Add flour and stir to form a roux. Note, feel free to omit the two tablespoons of flour and just use the ¼ cup if you like your gravy on the thin side. Cook this mixture for about three minutes. Then one third at a time, add liquid back in whisking at each third.
Adjust seasoning and add shredded beef back in. If too thick, thin down with a little water.
Serve over 


Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Pour 2 ounces (1/4 cup) of the oil into a large roasting pan and place into the oven. Let the pan get hot in the oven for about ten minutes.
While pan and oil is in the oven getting hot, mix the V-8 with half of the tomato paste and slather all over the meat and bones.
Open oven and place meat and bones into hot roasting pan. Cook for 30-45 minutes until bones are deep brown. Open oven occasionally and turn bones. Watch during the last 15 minutes of the roasting time to make sure they don’t burn.
Remove from oven and place in a 10-quart stock pot. Cover with six quarts of cold water and bring to boil.
While pot is coming to a boil, pour remaining one quart of water into roasting pan and heat on the stove top to deglaze the pan. Scrape up any brown bits and pour into stock pot.
Once stock comes to a boil, reduce to a simmer and skim off any scum that floats to the top. Simmer for 5 hours, skimming occasionally.
While the stock is simmering, place a 14” heavy bottomed skillet on the stove top along with the other half of the oil and heat over medium high.
Place carrots, onions, celery and celery tops (if used) in the hot oil. Sauté for 15-20 minutes until the onions are nice and browned.
Add in the remaining tomato paste and cook for an additional 2-3 minutes. Add a few ladles of the stock to loosen up the mixture and to scrape up any bits stuck to the bottom. Let cool and then set this mixture aside in the refrigerator.
After the stock has simmered for the full 5 hours, place the carrot and onion mixture into the stock along with the parsley, thyme, peppercorns, bay leaf, garlic and salt.
Bring back to a boil then reduce to a simmer. Simmer for an additional hour.
Strain the stock back into the stock pot. If you can salvage any beef from the steak and bones, do so and use in your soup recipes, otherwise discard the solids.
This stock may be used in any recipe calling for beef stock, beef broth or brown stock. Before using, however, it is a good idea to skim any fat from the stock.
The best way to cool your stock before refrigerating, is to fill your kitchen sink half full with ice water and set the pot with the strained stock into the sink. This will cool the stock down quickly. You may need to change the ice water a few times, but you can get the stock down in temperature pretty quickly using this method. Stir occasionally to distribute the heat. Then refrigerate and remove fat after the stock cools, usually overnight.
This stock freezes well in small zipper seal plastic bags.


In a 10-quart pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium high heat.
Place beef in oil and sear on all sides. Do not crowd the meat in the pan – brown the beef in batches.
Add onion, celery, carrots and leeks and sauté for 3-5 minutes until vegetables are slightly tender.
Add garlic and cook one more minute.
Add tomato paste and cook an additional minute.
Move mixture to sides of pan and place barley in center. Sauté for 2 minutes being careful not to burn the barley or mixture.
Add all other ingredients except salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Bring to a simmer and cook for one hour and 15 minutes. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper as needed.


In a 10-quart pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium high heat.
Place beef in oil and sear on all sides. Do not crowd pan so cook in batches.
Add onion, celery, carrots and leeks and sauté for 3-5 minutes until vegetables are slightly tender.
Add garlic and cook one more minute.
Add tomato paste and cook an additional minute then add dried thyme.
Add V-8 and red wine to deglaze pan. Cook for one additional minute scraping up any brown bits from bottom of pan.
Add 
Add diced tomatoes, cabbage, turnip and green beans and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add potato, spinach, corn and white beans and bring back to a boil. Simmer for five more minutes or until potato is cooked.
Adjust with salt and pepper if needed.


In a very large sauté pan or skillet, preferably non-stick, heat 1 ½ tablespoons of butter over high heat until just starting to brown.
Add only half of the mushroom slices and using a wooden spoon lay out in a single layer. After two minutes flip them to brown the other side. This is a bit tedious but worth it. After the other side has browned, pour contents onto a waiting plate or platter. Each batch should take 4-5 minutes.
Cook the second half the same way by melting 1 ½ tablespoons of butter, cooking mushrooms in a single layer, etc. Once the second batch is cooked, add the first batch back into the pan and add the salt and pepper and stir to coat.
Take the pan off the burner and add the cognac or brandy. The liquor will immediately evaporate. Pour the contents back onto the plate in a single layer. If you did this right, there should be no liquid on the plate, just perfectly cooked browned mushrooms. Set this aside.
Return the pan to the burner and set at medium high.
Add 2 tablespoons of butter and onions and cook for up to ten minutes to get tender. If they brown too quickly, reduce heat to medium.
Add tomato paste and stir and cook for one minute.
Add flour and stir and cook for another minute.
Add half the stock and stir with a wooden spoon. Once combined add the rest of the stock and stir. Mixture will be thick.
Stir in mustard and sour cream and then cooked mushrooms and remove from the heat. Pour this mixture into a bowl and clean the pan.
Lay the beef cubes on a cutting board and dust both sides with salt, pepper and the flour.
Heat the same pan back up to high and add the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and the olive oil. Once the butter starts to brown, place half of the beef cubes in using tongs one at a time, not letting them touch.
Sear about 1-2 minutes on both sides, and on larger pieces, sear the sides. As each piece is perfectly cooked, keep removing them with tongs to the same bowl as the sauce.
Once the first half is done, repeat for the second half, using the fat that remains in the pan.
When the last piece of beef is removed to the bowl, add the remaining two tablespoons of liquor (off the burner so it doesn’t flare up). Then immediately add the bowl with the sauce and beef back into the pan.
Adjust the burner just to heat the mixture back up to serving temperature and taste and re-season if needed.
While the stroganoff is coming back up to temperature, reheat the noodles and drain.
Then serve the stroganoff over the noodles either on a platter or individual portions.
Top with the optional chopped parsley as garnish.


In a medium pan over high heat, bring water and rice to a boil. Cover with tight fitting lid, lower to a simmer and cook about 45 to 50 minutes or until all water is absorbed. Fluff and let rest 10 minutes.
While rice is cooking, prep all other ingredients.
Place a pan of water with a steaming basket over high heat and steam carrots and snow peas covered for one minute each. Set aside.
Stir cornstarch into 
When rice is just about cooked, begin cooking meat and vegetables. In a wok or heavy bottomed pan, over very high heat, place one teaspoon of oil and let it get smoking hot. Add half of the beef and brown on both sides (about one minute) and remove to a bowl. Bring pan back to smoking hot and add next teaspoon of oil and brown second half of meat, removing to same bowl. Let pan get smoking hot again, add third teaspoon of oil and place chopped white part of scallion. Stir once and add red pepper flakes, mushrooms and peppers. Toss and cook for about 3-4 minutes until slightly cooked but still a bit crunchy. Add steamed carrots, snow peas and cooked beef (or chicken). Stir, keeping heat on high. Stir teriyaki again and add to pan. Remove from heat and toss a few times.
To serve, place ½ cup of brown rice onto each place and top each dish with half of beef mixture. Top with chopped green scallion tops and serve.


Heat oil in medium wok or heavy bottomed pan to 375 degrees. Use candy thermometer.
Drop a single corn tortilla in and fry on both sides until crispy. Repeat for remaining pieces placing them on serving dishes.
Heat refried beans on stove or in microwave until hot and spread evenly on top of each fried corn tortilla. Heat pulled beef on stove or in microwave until hot and spread evenly on beans. Divide shredded cheese between the four servings. Heat enchilada sauce on stove or in microwave and divided between four servings. Slice and divide the avocado between the four servings then top each with topping of choice such as shredded lettuce, chopped tomato, chopped red onion, sour cream, taco sauce, etc.


In a small bowl, mix salt, pepper, chili powder, garlic powder, ground coriander and mustard powder.
Rub this mixture all over the pork and then place in a gallon zip lock bag. Refrigerate for at least four hours or overnight.
Three hours before serving, heat grill to high on one side and the lowest burner setting on the other.
Place the onions and garlic in a 5 quart Dutch oven that has a lid. Place that on the cool side of the grill.
Once the hot side is hot, place the pork butt on a plate and brush all sides with the oil. Then place on hot grill and sear all sides, about 10-15 minutes total. The char on all sides should be nice and dark, even black in spots.
Lift the meat with tongs and place in the Dutch oven on top of onions and garlic.
Pour the beer over the top of the meat and place on cover.
Shut off all burners except the one under the meat and set that to as low as it will go and close grill cover. Our one burner on low maintained a temperature inside the grill of 275 degrees F.
After three hours, remove lid with pot holder and check for tenderness of meat by pulling off a small piece and trying it. Meat should be fall apart tender.
Remove the meat to a clean platter to rest.
Take the liquid left in the pan and skim off any fat floating at the top and discard.
To the remaining liquid, add catsup, mustard, Worcestershire sauce and brown sugar.
Increase the burner to bring the mixture to a boil, then lower to a medium simmer and simmer between 10 and 20 minutes or until thick. (This step can be done indoors on your stove top if you wish).
Once the sauce is done, shred the meat with two forks and add back into the pot with the sauce.
Stir and serve over rolls or as an entrée alongside 


Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease and flour a 
In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Sift two additional times and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine oil and both sugars, and mix until well blended.
Add eggs one at a time, mixing thoroughly after each addition. Add vanilla and mix again.
Add the sifted dry ingredients to the batter and mix thoroughly. By hand, fold in apples and walnuts and mix until evenly combined.
Spoon the batter into the prepared bundt pan. Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Remove cake from the oven and allow to cool in the bundt pan for 20 minutes.
While the cake is cooling, prepare the glaze. In a saucepan, over medium heat, combine all of the glaze ingredients. Bring to a boil and allow the mixture to boil for 1 minute.
Remove the cake from the pan, onto a serving plate. Spoon the glaze over the warm cake.
Cool for a little longer before serving.


Prepare a 9x5x3-inch loaf pan by spraying lightly with non-stick cooking spray.
Cut a piece of parchment so it is as wide as the length of the inside of the pan. Press it into the pan with the excess coming up each side and protruding from the top. These will act as handles to remove the bread as soon as it comes out of the oven so it doesn’t get darker. Also place a small piece of parchment on either end so that none of the pan touches batter.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat butter until smooth and add oil and beat again. Add sugar and beat on medium for one minute.
Add eggs and beat on medium for another minute.
Add bananas and vanilla and beat for 30 seconds.
In a medium bowl, mix both flours, salt and baking soda with a whip.
With mixer running, slowly add flour until combined. Do not beat more than just a few seconds to mix dry and wet.
Remove bowl and fold in nuts by hand.
Pour batter into prepared pan and even out the batter.
Bake for 55-65 minutes or until a tooth pick inserted comes out clean.
Remove pan from oven, lift the two long sides of parchment and gently lift the bread out onto a cooling rack to cool.
Ovens vary so watch closely for doneness during the last ten minutes of baking. (Ours took exactly 63 minutes.)


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter and lightly flour two 8”x4” loaf pans.
In a medium bowl, sift together flour, salt, baking soda, baking powder and cinnamon. Stir gently to combine.
Shred zucchini, lightly packing it down as you measure it.
In the bowl of a stand mixer beat eggs, applesauce, oil, sugar and vanilla extract. Mix very well.
Slowly add the dry ingredients (about ⅓ at a time) mixing as you go – then beat well to fully combine.
With a rubber scraper or wooden spoon, stir in shredded zucchini and nuts into the batter and mix well.
Pour half of the batter into each prepared pan.
Bake for 45 to 60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out cleanly. (The bake time will vary depending on how much shredded zucchini you add to the batter.)
Remove from the pans and cool on wire racks.


In a large 5 - 6 quart Dutch oven, heat oil over high.
Pat the pork stew meat dry and fry half to sear both sides, about 4-5 minutes per batch. Remove to a bowl and reduce temperature of pot to medium high.
Add the four Kielbasa quarters and brown all sides, about five minutes. Remove to the same bowl.
Add bacon and onions and sauté for three minutes. You do not want the bacon crisp.
Add the carrots and sauté two minutes.
Add the mushrooms and garlic and sauté two minutes.
Add the cabbage and cook two minutes.
Add the wine and scrape up brown bits from the bottom, if any.
Add the drained sauerkraut, canned tomatoes, beef broth, thyme, marjoram, allspice, bay leaf, paprika and cayenne pepper.
In a mortar and pestle, place caraway seeds with the salt and pepper and crush until the seeds are fine, then add to the mixture.
Add the seared pork and Kielbasa.
Raise the heat to high then once bubbling, reduce to low and cook partially covered for 90 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure it doesn’t stick.
Remove four whole pieces of Kielbasa to your cutting board.
Remove and discard bay leaf.
Add the prunes and simmer ten minutes.
Slice the kielbasa into bite sized slices and add back to pot and serve in bowls with the rye bread.
Store leftovers in the refrigerator. Great reheated the next day.


Place 4 4-inch mini springform pans, as well as a very large mixing bowl in the freezer to chill.
In a large saucepan over low heat, combine the Biscoff and Rice Krispies cereal. Mix well until the Rice Krispies are completely coated with the Biscoff. Remove from heat.
Line a sheet pan or tray with parchment or wax paper. Pour the Biscoff-Rice Krispies mixture onto the lined cookie sheet and spread evenly. Place the cookie sheet in the freezer to chill.
While the coated cereal mixture is cooling, remove the ice cream from the freezer and place in the refrigerator to soften.
After about 30-45 minutes (you want the Biscoff coating to be cooled and firm but not frozen at this point) – break the coated cereal into bite sized pieces. Place back into the freezer, if necessary until the ice cream is softened.
Once your ice cream is softened (it should be just softened enough to stir in the coated cereal but not so melted that it is runny), remove the large mixing bowl and the springform pans from the freezer.
Reserve 1-1/2 cups of the Biscoff-Rice Krispie mixture (this will be used as the topping on the min cakes).
Quickly combine the ice cream and remaining coated cereal in the chilled mixing bowl, then pour the mixture into the chilled springform pan, packing it firmly so that there are no air pockets. Top the cake with the reserved Biscoff-Rice Krispie mixture.
Cover with plastic wrap and place the springform pans back into the freezer for at least 4-6 hours or overnight until completely frozen.
Remove the cake from the freezer about 5 to 10 minutes before serving and place in the refrigerator to soften a bit.
When ready to serve, place the cakes on a individual dessert plates and remove the sides of the springform pans. Serve immediately.


About two hours before serving, remove all fat, gristle and bone from the steaks leaving only the meat.
Slice the meat on the bias into two to three inch strips about an inch wide.
In the bowl of a food processor, place the pear, onion, garlic, ginger and scallion and puree to a liquid. Keep scraping the sides to puree all the ingredients.
Add the soy sauce, corn syrup, brown sugar, pepper, sesame oil and sesame seeds.
Puree again until combined.
Add the cola and pulse to combine.
Place the beef in a gallon zip lock bag and pour in this mixture and seal. Use your hands to make sure all the beef is coated then refrigerate for 90 minutes up to two hours.
Heat a ribbed grill pan over medium high heat.
Slice the French loaf into 20 cuts on the bias, about a half inch or so thick.
Butter both sides and grill both sides on the ribbed pan and set aside.
Wipe the grill pan clean for next steps but remove from heat.
Divide the Finlandia black garlic spread between the 20 pieces of toasted bread.
Divide the spring mix between the 20 pieces on top of the spread.
Drain the beef, rinse off any marinade and lay out on paper towels and blot the tops with paper towels. The beef should be dry before you grill otherwise they will steam and not get a nice char.
Heat the grill pan to high and once hot, brush with vegetable oil.
Cook in three batches by laying pieces down on the hot oiled grill and cook for about a minute or two on each side. Because they are so thin, they will cook quickly. Clean the pan by wiping with a blotted paper towel between batches.
To serve, lay one or more pieces of beef across the top of each of the prepared bread slices and sprinkle a few sesame seeds and sliced scallion tops over each one.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
On two parchment lined sheet pans, lay out the bacon and cook in oven until crisp, about 20 minutes rotating pans half way through. Drain bacon on paper towels and reserve one tablespoon of bacon fat. Leave one pan for the tomatoes.
Lower oven to 300 degrees.
In a small bowl, mix tomato halves, one tablespoon bacon fat, one tablespoon of olive oil, oregano, salt and pepper. Pour onto one of the sheet pans that you used to cook bacon.
Roast tomatoes for one hour. Remove and turn and roast for another hour or until the tomatoes start to shrivel and liquid is mostly gone. (But not burned so watch for the last 30 minutes)
Add hot cooked tomatoes back to small bowl and add in Boursin cheese, stirring to combine. Refrigerate this mixture for 30 minutes.
When ready to assemble, preheat oven to 400 degrees and lay bread slices on sheet pans. Brush a small amount of olive oil on bread and place in oven just long enough to toast the bread.
Remove from oven and divide tomato cheese spread between the slices (reserve a small amount to garnish the top of each one). Divide lettuce between each and top with two crisp slices of bacon.
Finish by spooning a small dollop of the cheese spread on top of each and serve.


Cut bacon strips into four pieces each and cook until crisp in a large skillet. Set aside on paper towels to drain and save one tablespoon of bacon fat in the pan and two more for the dressing for a total of three tablespoons reserved.
Add the oil to the one tablespoon of bacon fat and heat to medium high. Add bread, salt and pepper and toss continuously until toasted on all sides, about ten minutes. Set aside.
Cut romaine and iceberg into bite sized pieces and place in large bowl. Add whole basil leaves, tomatoes, cooked bacon and toasted bread and toss.
Place all dressing ingredients except bacon fat, oil and basil into a blender. Blend ingredients and slowly add bacon fat and olive oil with motor running. Toss in the basil and pulse a few times to combine.
Serve dressing drizzled over the salad and tossed to coat, or on the side if you prefer.


Core and cut tomato into small cubes and place in a strainer over a bowl. Sprinkle and toss with the salt. Let drain for at least 30 minutes, stirring and pressing against the sides of the strainer often. After 30 minutes, press a few paper towels into the tomatoes to absorb any last liquid. You should have one cup of tomato remaining. Discard liquid.
While tomatoes are draining, cook bacon to crisp and chop. Set aside.
If you haven’t already, pull cream cheese out to soften and reserve one tablespoon. This will be used to seal rollups.
In a medium bowl, mix cream cheese (save one tablespoon aside), 2 tablespoons Hidden Valley® Ranch Dressing and Seasoning Mix, cheddar cheese and chopped bacon to combine.
Divide the filling into three and place on three Lavash or tortilla bread making the filling go end to end and spreading it out as thin as possible. Leave an inch or so on the far side and using the one tablespoon of plain cream cheese, spread a thin layer on each. This will help keep them sealed.
Divide the lettuce between the three by layering over the spread.
Finally divided the tomatoes between the three rollups.
Start with the end closest to you and roll a tight roll away from you ending seam down.
Wrap each roll tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate to harden filling for a few hours.
Once set, remove plastic and on a cutting board, cut in half and each half in half. Then cut each piece in half to give you eight per roll. You may end up discarding the end pieces which would then yield six per roll.
Turn on side with cut facing up and arrange on a serving platter.
Preheat oven to 375ºF.
In a microwave-safe medium bowl, add cream cheese and Hidden Valley® Original Ranch® Dressing. Microwave on high for 30 seconds or until cream cheese is soft. Stir to combine.
Add spinach and parmesan cheese. Mix well.
Add chicken and stir gently to combine.
Transfer mixture to a baking dish (at least 6 cups).
Bake for 20 minutes or until bubbly and golden brown. The internal temperature of the cooked dip should be 165ºF.
Serve with crackers, bread or veggie sticks.


Put all ingredients in a small bowl and using a wire whisk, whip to combine.


In a large bowl, combine all ingredients except blue cheese and mix well with a wire whisk.
Fold in the blue cheese and serve.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Dice the squash or pumpkin into ¾ inch pieces. Place six cups in a medium bowl and reserve the rest.
Top the squash in the bowl with the oil, salt and pepper and toss to coat. Pour out onto a sheet pan and roast for 20 minutes or until tender. Reserve for later.
While squash is roasting, melt butter in a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven and add garlic, onions, celery and carrots and sauté over medium high for five minutes. Add reserved raw squash and sauté for another five minutes.
Add stock, sage, and nutmeg and bring to a boil. Reduce to a fast simmer and cook for 40 minutes, making sure it does not stick to the bottom while cooking.
Remove from heat and add brown sugar, Parmesan cheese and sherry and with an emersion blender, puree until smooth. Alternatively puree in batches in a blender.
Taste for salt and pepper and season if needed.
Reserve some of the cannellini beans for garnish and place the rest into the pureed soup along with the roasted squash.
To serve, ladle into bowls and top each bowl with a few cannellini beans, a few roasted pumpkin seeds and a little grated Parmesan cheese.


Place chicken breasts on a cutting board skin-side up, and with the palm of your hand, press down. You want the chicken to be an even thickness so if the ribs crack, that is OK. This step assures even cooking but is optional.
If brining, place all brine ingredients with chicken in one or two gallon zip lock bags and brine for eight hours or overnight refrigerated.
One hour before serving, remove chicken from brine and discard brine. Rinse chicken then pat dry with paper towels.
If not brining, continue here with recipe.
Heat a large sauté pan or skillet over high heat and add two tablespoons of oil. Once smoking hot, place dry chicken skin down into pan, (be careful of splattering). You will need to do this in batches. Cook the skin side only for 3-4 minutes until the skin is browned and crispy. Remove to a platter.
Reduce heat to medium and the remaining one tablespoon of oil and the scallion bottoms. Cook just for one minute.
Add the beer to the pan to deglaze. Reduce by two thirds.
Add orange juice, zest, soy and honey and heat to combine.
Add all chicken back in skin side up and spoon a little juice over each piece.
Cover and reduce to a simmer. Cook ten minutes, remove cover and turn each piece so skin now faces down. Cover and cook for ten more minutes. Insert a probe thermometer into the thickest part of the breast and if at 150 degrees F, remove chicken to a platter where it will continue to cook to 160 degrees F. If not, continue to cook until the temperature reaches 150 degrees F then remove to a platter. Depending on how large your chicken breast are, this may take more or less time.
Heat liquid over medium high heat and cook to reduce by one third.
Remove from heat and stir in the cold butter with a whisk.
To serve, place sauce over each breast and finish with chopped scallion tops.


Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
In a mixing bowl, cream together the sugar and shortening until light and fluffy. Add the egg and mix until blended. Then add the milk and mix again until blended.
In a separate bowl, sift together the 2 cups flour, baking powder and salt. Fold the dry mixture into the wet mixture slowly until blended. Fold in the blueberries.
Grease and flour a 9x9 or 8x10 pan. Spread the blueberry batter evenly into the prepared pan.
To make the topping, combine the sugar, flour, and cinnamon. With a pastry blender or two knives, cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Sprinkle over the cake mixture in the pan.
Bake at 375 degrees for 35-40 minutes for an 8x10 pan or 45-50 minutes for an 9x9 pan (until cake tester comes out clean). Other size baking pans may be used - just adjust the cooking time accordingly.
Serve warm or cold, plain or with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Place a muffin liner inside each opening of a large muffin pan. Spray each liner lightly with non-stick cooking spray.
Sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt into a large mixing bowl.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the room temperature cream cheese and lemon zest until light and creamy. Add eggs and beat until smooth. Add milk, vanilla and melted butter and mix thoroughly.
Pour the cream cheese mixture into the bowl with the flour mixture and using a large wooden spoon, mix until completely combined. Gently fold in the blueberries until evenly mixed in the batter.
Using an ice cream scoop, spoon the batter evenly into the 12 prepared muffin cups.
In a small bowl, combine the turbinado sugar, brown sugar and cinnamon. The sprinkle the tops generously with the sugar-cinnamon mixture.
Bake for 20-25 minutes or until the muffins are firm and just beginning to brown.
Serve with butter while still warm.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Line a 13x9-inch baking pan with foil, making sure that the piece of foil is large enough to allow the ends of the foil to extend up and over the sides of the pan. Spray the foil with non-stick cooking spray.
In a large microwave-safe bowl, add the chocolate and butter and microwave on high for 2 minutes. Stir until the chocolate is completely melted.
Stir in the sugar.
Blend in the eggs and vanilla, stirring to combine as much as possible (there may be some egg that doesn’t completely mix in – that is perfectly fine).
Add flour and mix thoroughly. Then add the cranberries and stir to evenly combine.
Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with fudgy crumbs. (Do not over bake – these are very moist and fudgy brownies.)
Let cool completely. When cool, use the foil to remove the brownies from the pan and onto a cutting board. Cut before serving.


Before you begin, be prepared to take your time with this dish to build the flavors and texture. You can not just put everything in and expect to get positive results. It takes time to follow each step to produce an excellent finished sauce.
Using a heavy bottomed 5 ½ quart non-stick sauté pan, heat oil and 4 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat until melted. Increase heat to high and add onions, celery, carrots and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally so it does not burn, for 5-10 minutes or until the vegetables start to caramelize and brown.
Add chuck, bison, pork, salt, pepper, nutmeg and thyme. Stir and cook over high for an additional 5-10 minutes or until meat is cooked through and starting to brown. Again, be careful not to burn.
Add tomato paste and all of the wine and stir to combine. Once it starts to bubble, reduce to a medium simmer and cook until the wine has evaporated, about 20 minutes.
Increase heat to medium high and add milk and cream and again once it starts to bubble, reduce to a medium simmer and cook until the milk and cream have almost evaporated, about 20 minutes.
Add tomatoes and bay leaf, along with ½ cup of water. Bring to a very low simmer, just barely bubbling.
Cook for a full three hours uncovered adding another ½ cup of water, about every 30 - 45 minutes as the mixture starts to dry out.
The fat will separate as it cooks so each time you add water, stir the mixture. During the last 30 minutes, do not add any more water. By 2 ½ hours, you should have added a total of about 2 cups of water.
During the last 30 minutes, heat a large pot of water seasoned heavily with salt. About ten minutes before the three hours is up, cook pasta to just under done. Ladle out about ½ cup of the salty pasta water and add to the sauce.
Drain the pasta.
Add the remaining two tablespoons of butter to the sauce and remove from the heat.
Remove and discard the bay leaves, taste the sauce and add additional salt or pepper if needed. Make sure you do this after the salty pasta water gets added.
Place the pasta back into the pasta pot and add about half of the sauce to the pasta. Heat over medium until the pasta is perfectly cooked.
Pour the pasta out into a serving large bowl, top with a little more sauce, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle Parmesan cheese over the top.
Serve the remaining sauce on the side with additional Parmesan cheese.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Line two muffin tins with cupcake papers (24 total). Spray kitchen pan spray over tops of pans and muffin papers. Set aside.
In a large microwave safe bowl heat beer and butter until hot and the butter has melted.
Remove from microwave and whip in cocoa powder.
Sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl and then stir into first bowl until combined.
In a small bowl beat eggs with sour cream. Add this into large bowl and mix with wooden spoon until combined.
Using an ice cream scoop, divide the batter evenly between the 24 cups.
Bake for 17-20 minutes or until they have fully risen and a tooth pick inserted into center comes out clean.
Move to wire racks to cool completely.
In a microwave safe bowl, place all filling ingredients and heat until the chocolate has melted, stirring a few times during heating to combine. Whip and set aside to cool. The mixture needs to cool enough to be thick but not so much that it hardens up. The consistency should be like soft peanut butter.
Make the frosting by beating the softened cream cheese in a stand mixer with a paddle attachment until creamy. Add the softened butter and beat again until combined and creamy, scraping bowl as needed.
Alternate adding powdered sugar and Baileys mixing slowly and scraping bowl as you go.
To assemble cupcakes, use an apple corer and core out the center of each cup cake, going about ¾ of the way down.
Place the chocolate ganache in a piping tube with a straight round tip and squeeze into each hole, dividing the ganache evenly between the 24.
Place the frosting in a large pastry bag with a star tip and decorate each cup cake, using up all of the frosting.
Store in an air-tight container.


Soak beans overnight at room temperature in 2 quarts of water.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Drain and rinse beans.
In a large Dutch oven over medium high heat, cook salt pork, turning occasionally, for about 15 minutes or until golden brown on all sides.
Add all other ingredients except the water.
Stir and add two cups of water.
Place in the oven covered and cook for 90 minutes. Stir and add two more cups of water.
Bake for 90 more minutes covered, stir and add one cup of water.
Reduce oven to 275 degrees and bake for one hour covered.
Stir, and if beans are not soft enough to the bite, add the last cup of water and continue cooking covered until they are tender - just make sure they don’t burn if the sauce is very thick.
Serve with brown bread.


In a 4-quart sauce pan, bring the bourbon to a boil with the minced onions and simmer for five to ten minutes. Most of the bourbon will have evaporated at this point, leaving about two tablespoons of liquid and the onions.
Add the water and all of the other ingredients into the pan with the onions, heat and simmer for 10-15 minutes until you reach a thick and smooth consistency.
Using an immersion blender, puree until onions have dissolved, or you can just leave them as-is in the sauce.


Bring a large pot of water to a boil. While that is heating, fill a large bowl full of ice water (this will be used as an ice bath).
With a sharp knife, cut a small X in the bottom of each peach. When the water comes to a boil, carefully place the peaches into the water and cook for 1 minute. (Cooking for much longer than 1 minute will make the peaches very soft to handle, so be sure to time this step. No need to bring the water back to a boil before you start timing the minute.)
With a slotted spoon, transfer the peaches to the ice water bath and let cool slightly.
Once the peaches have cooled, peel and pit the peaches and cut into ¾-inch thick wedges. (If you aren’t able to get the pit out easily – like me – try cutting the wedges all around the peach while the pit is still intact, and then used a knife to pry each wedge off the pit.)
Cut the vanilla bean in half the long way and with the tip of a knife, scrape out all of the seeds. In a medium pot, place the vanilla seeds and pod in with the two cups of water and the sugar. Bring to a boil, stirring so that the sugar completely dissolves.
Add the peaches and bourbon and simmer for about 5-7 minutes or until the peaches are tender but still hold their shape.
Transfer peaches to a bowl using a slotted spoon. Continue to cook the syrup over medium heat until reduced by half, about 15-20 minutes. Pour the syrup over the peaches and let cool completely.
Store peaches in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to a month – but I predict they won’t last that long!
These peaches may also be canned and stored at room temperature for up to three months.


Remove wing tips and freeze for stock or other recipes. Remove winglet from drumette by holding wing like a V with drum portion completely vertical and cutting straight down at base of drumette. The joint will separate without cutting the bone. Or if you prefer whole wings, skip this step and just move to next step.
Place wing pieces into a large bowl. Pour the 
Prepare your 
Heat your grill to medium high heat. Using a vegetable oil-soaked paper towel, oil the grill grates. Place the chicken wings in a single layer over the heat and cook seven to ten minutes per side with the grill cover closed. Check after four or five minutes and flip if cooking too quickly.
Once fully cooked, remove wings from the grill and place in a large bowl. Pour one cup of 
Place the wings back on the grill and cook for 1-2 minutes on each side just to brown and caramelize the sauce – being careful not to burn the sauce.
Serve immediately. Additional 


In a food processor, crush Cheerios until crumbs form. Do not over mix. Set aside.
In the same food processor, do the same with the walnuts. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, sift cocoa powder and the one cup of powdered sugar.
In a small bowl mix bourbon and corn syrup. Add this to the cocoa powder mixture and mix.
Add the crushed cheerios and walnuts and mix to completely combine.
Roll into 36 ½-ounce balls.
Pour the ½ cup of powdered sugar into a small bowl and toss each bourbon ball until coated.
Dust with a little more cocoa before serving.


Place all ingredients in a bowl and mix thoroughly to combine.
Cover tightly and allow the mixture sit overnight to really meld the flavors.
Serve at room temperature or mix into your favorite recipes.
Store refrigerated for up to two weeks.


In a medium pot place potato, carrot, celery, garlic, bay leaves, oregano, peppercorns, vinegar, soy, and both wines. Bring to a boil and reduce to a low boil, covered for ten minutes.
Place the four pieces of chuck in a 9X9 inch pan and pour the boiling hot mixture over the beef.
When the liquid has cooled down, transfer everything to a gallon-size zipper seal bag and seal, pushing out all of the air. Marinate overnight.
The following day about 3 ½ hours before meal time, preheat the oven to 275 degrees.
Remove beef from marinade and pat dry with paper towels. Do not discard the marinade. Season each side of the beef with the salt and pepper.
In a 8-10 quart Dutch oven over medium high heat, heat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil until hot. Add beef and sear on all sides (about 3-4 minutes per side), cooking in two batches if necessary depending on the size of your Dutch oven. Add more oil for the second batch if needed. Remove the beef from the pan once it is seared.
Once all of the beef is seared, add marinade with solids into the pan to deglaze. Scrape up any brown bits. Add 
While the beef is cooking in the oven, heat a 14” skillet with one tablespoon of olive oil and one tablespoon of butter. Sauté mushrooms until just done. Remove from pan. Repeat this same process for the onions and peppers. (When preparing the peppers, cook just until they turn color. If you cook them too much they will peel and get mushy so don’t overcook.) Place mushroom, onions and peppers in the refrigerator to hold while the beef finishes cooking.
Cook wide egg noodles according to package directions.
Once beef is tender, remove pan from the oven and gently remove beef to a platter. Cover with foil to keep warm.
Let the fat rise to the top of the braising liquid. Skim off and discard.
In this next step, you will be extracting the flavor from the vegetables into the sauce. Place a small fine strainer over the pot and with a slotted spoon, fish out the vegetables and place in the strainer over the pot. Use the back of a spoon and press the liquid out of the vegetables and into the pot. Discard the solids leaving just the vegetables.
Place the pot with the braising liquid on a burner over medium high and heat to hot.
In a small bowl, mix corn starch with just enough water to make a slurry. Slowly add the slurry to the bubbling sauce until it reaches the desired consistency. (We used it all for ours but it depends on how much liquid you end up with after cooking the beef.)
Remove the vegetables from the refrigerator and place them into the thickened sauce. Heat just until hot, then remove the sauce from the heat.
To serve, place a portion of egg noodles on a plate, place one beef portion over the noodles and then ¼ of the vegetables and sauce over the beef. Serve immediately.


Cut the head of cabbage in half and remove the core from each half. Lay each half flat on cutting board and make thick slices from one end to the other. Then make one cut down the center to cut each slice in half.
In a large cast iron pan or 14” sauté pan over medium high heat, melt bacon fat and butter. Add onions and sauté for 5 minutes or until onions are just turning soft.
Add cabbage, apple, beer, stock, caraway, salt, pepper and sugar and cook over medium high to high heat for 20 minutes turning cabbage every minute or so. If the liquid starts to evaporate before the cabbage is cooked, lower heat during the last few minutes of cooking. Test for tenderness and serve.


Remove back and place into a medium pot with neck and wing tips. Cover with water and add celery, garlic, parsley, onion, carrot, peppercorns, bay leaf and salt. Bring to a boil, cover partially and simmer two hours. Remove cover and reduce to one cup. Or freeze back, neck and wing tips for some other use and use canned chicken stock. 1 cup of chicken stock is needed for this recipe.
The night before or six hours before cooking, cut chicken into eight pieces (two drum sticks, two thighs and four breast pieces) Place in zip lock bag with limoncello, thyme and lemon wedges.
minutes before service, drain and reserve marinade, thyme and lemon wedges. Pat chicken dry and sprinkle salt and pepper on both sides.
In a heavy bottomed pan or Dutch oven, melt butter with oil over medium high heat.
Sear chicken on all sides in two batches. Each batch should take 8-10 minutes. When second batch is done, remove to a platter and drain the fat left in the pan to a small bowl.
Place the chicken pieces back in along with the one cup of chicken stock and the marinade including thyme and lemon wedges.
Bring to a boil and slowly simmer covered for 25 minutes.
While chicken is cooking mix flour into bowl with reserved fat.
Add butter and flour mixture to the pot and stir to combine. Add the green beans on top of chicken and push down to submerge. Cover and simmer for 15 minutes until beans are tender.
Remove chicken and beans to a platter. Pour sauce through a strainer over chicken and beans or serve strained sauce on the side. Finally sprinkle the chopped fresh basil over the entire dish.
Serve with cooked white rice.


Peel and shred carrots, using the coarsest side of a 
In a large saucepan, over medium heat, melt butter along with minced garlic and diced onions. Sautee the onions and garlic for about 2-3 minutes, until the onions start to soften. Add 2 tablespoons of mustard (half Dijon and half whole grain) and the bay leaves. Cooking the onion-mustard mixture another 2-3 minutes more until the onions are lightly golden in color.
Add shredded carrots to the saucepan, along with the water and stir well to combine. Cover the pan and allow the carrots to braise for about 7 to 10 minutes (or more depending on how soft you like your carrots and how large your shreds or julienne slices are) until they reach your desired tenderness.
Add more mustard and season with salt and pepper if desired, and sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley (optional).
Serve immediately for a hot side dish or chill and serve cold as a salad.


If you plan to serve this dish as an entrée with boiled potatoes instead of as a sandwich, begin preparing the potatoes now.
In a large skillet or sauté pan, heat oil over medium heat and add bratwurst. Brown each side for two minutes turning a quarter turn each time so all four sides get browned. If they are curled, I found that stacking them against each other while cooking will keep them from flipping on their side. Once browned, remove to a platter and set aside.
In the same pan, raise the heat to medium high and add onions. Cook for four minutes stirring with a wooden spoon.
Add garlic, celery salt, caraway seeds and dry mustard. Stir and cook one minute.
Add cabbage and cook for five minutes.
Add drained sauerkraut, optional sugar, beer and browned bratwurst. Nestle the bratwurst into the mixture so they are totally covered. Bring to a boil, cover and lower to a simmer. Cook five minutes then remove cover and turn bratwurst. Raise heat to a medium simmer and with cover off cook 5-7 more minutes to cook off some of the liquid and to finish cooking the bratwurst. It is OK to still have some liquid in pan.
Serve on rolls with spicy, yellow mustard or serve with boiled potatoes as a complete meal.


Place the tortillas out on your counter, heat the 
Mix eggs and milk until completely beaten.
In a medium nonstick pan, melt butter over medium heat. Add eggs and cook until scrambled.
On each tortilla, divide the cheese, eggs, peppers and cooked beef and roll. From this point, its up to you how you go forward. We heated a flat pan and browned them for about a minute on both sides, wrapped them in foil and ate them on the run, peeling back the foil until it was gone. You can also just eat as-is without browning or wrap it up and microwave when you get to work.
However you decide to prepare and eat, the result will be a delicious mix of flavors and textures.


Preheat the oven to 290 degrees.
Melt the chocolate over low heat.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter and sugar.
In a separate bowl, beat the eggs. Then add the milk and vanilla, mixing well.
In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt.
Add the egg mixture to the sugar and butter and mix to combine. Then add the flour mixture and mix again. With the mixer running, slowly add the melted chocolate to the mixing bowl – mix until smooth and completely combined.
Transfer the pudding mixture to a 2-quart oven-proof baking or casserole dish. (Note: The pudding will expand as you bake it, so the mixture should fill no more than ⅔rds of the baking dish.) Then place the casserole dish into a larger baking pan of about the same depth but with at least ¾ inch of clearance between the inside walls of the larger baking pan and the outside walls of the casserole dish. Pour beer into the space between the pans, halfway up the sides of the casserole dish.
Make a tent over the baking pan with a large piece of foil but close the foil tightly around the edges of the baking pan. (This creates a steam bath inside the foil.) Bake for 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes (cooking time may vary depending on your baking dish) until the pudding is slightly fudgy.
Serve warm with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream.


Cut off the thickest part of the stem of broccoli and discard. Cut the remaining head into small florets. Heat a medium pot with water and a tablespoon of salt and bring to a boil.
Fill a medium to large bowl with ice water. Once the pot of water is boiling, drop the broccoli florets into the boiling water and count 30 seconds. Immediately drain off the water and plunge the broccoli into the ice bath.
Drain the broccoli and lay out on a large sheet of paper towels. Start rolling the paper towels and broccoli around and around like a jelly roll then squeeze out the water. Repeat a second time until the broccoli is completely dry and drained of all water. Place the broccoli in a large bowl and refrigerate until after the bacon is cooked.
Cook the bacon until crispy and then crumble. Discard bacon fat (or save for other recipes if you wish).
Remove the broccoli from the refrigerator and add cooked, crumbled bacon, red onion and cheddar cheese.
In a small bowl mix the sour cream, 
Add the mayonnaise mixture to the broccoli mixture, combine and serve.


Bring a medium pan of water to a boil and add trimmed broccoli rabe.
Cook 2 minutes, remove broccoli and plunge into ice water bath. Once cooled, drain the broccoli rabe.
In a 12” skillet over medium heat, add olive oil and heat until hot and add onions. Sauté onions 2-3 minutes. Add garlic and pepper flakes and cook one more minute.
Add lemon zest, drained broccoli rabe, salt and pepper and cook just until broccoli is tender (1-2 minutes).
Remove from heat, add lemon juice and serve immediately.


Put everything into a large stock pot and cover with water. Slowly bring to a boil, skimming off any scum that floats to the top. Lower heat to a really low simmer and cook for four hours uncovered.
Once done, strain and cool, discarding solids. When completely cool, remove fat and discard. Use immediately or freeze in zipper seal bags. Reboil when ready to use.


In a medium sauce pan place 10 tablespoons of butter. Try not to use non-stick or a dark pan so that you can see the color of the butter as it browns. Bring heat to medium high and melt the butter. Once it melts, keep swirling the pan and cook about one to three minutes longer until the color is caramel brown and the smell is toasty. Pour into a large metal bowl and add the remaining cold butter to the browned butter. This butter mixture needs to cool for 15 minutes or so before it can be used. I placed mine in the refrigerator to cool while I measured out the other ingredients.
Place oven rack in center of oven, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. and line two cookie sheets with parchment paper.
In a small bowl, mix ¼ cup of brown sugar with the ¼ cup of granulated sugar. Mix thoroughly making sure there are no lumps and set aside.
In a medium bowl, sift flour, baking soda and baking powder. Set aside.
Once the melted butter has cooled, stir in the remaining brown sugar and salt. Make sure it is fully incorporated.
Use a rubber spatula and scrape down the bowl then add the whole egg, egg yolk and vanilla extract. Mix with the spatula or a wooden spoon to combine.
Scrape the bowl again and add in the flour mixture. Mix until fully combined.
Pour the dough out onto your counter and roll into a log. Cut the log in half. Cut each half into quarters then each piece into thirds, yielding 24 pieces.
Roll each into a ball, roll in the reserved sugar mixture then place on the prepared pans, 12 per pan.
Bake one pan at a time for 12-14 minutes, see note on oven temperature.
Let sit on the pan for five more minutes then transfer to a cooling rack and cool to room temperature (but they are very delicious eaten while still warm).


Bring pizza dough to room temperature.
Place vinegar, cranberries and sugar in a small sauce pan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and cook down to a creamy consistency, about 20-30 minutes. Should be spreadable like jam. If not thick enough, dissolve corn starch in a few drops of water and add to hot liquid to thicken. Set aside to cool.
Place Brussels sprouts in a small pan and cover with water. Place lid on pan, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Then drain.
Cut each Brussels sprout in half the long way. Larger sprouts cut into three. Set aside.
Cook bacon until not quite crisp and still a little chewy. Drain on paper towels and cut into one inch pieces.
Place pizza stone in oven and preheat to 550 degrees or as hot as your oven can get.
Dust pizza peel with corn meal.
Dust counter with flour and press dough out to at least 14 inches in diameter then place on dusted 
If the cranberry/vinegar reduction is stiff, transfer to a microwave-safe container, then heat for a few seconds to soften, then top dough with the reduction and cover with half of the mozzarella.
Arrange slices of Brussels sprouts and cooked bacon over cheese then top with remaining mozzarella.
Bake the pizza for 7-9 minutes or until the bottom is browned and the top is bubbly.
Immediately shave some Asiago cheese over the top with a vegetable peeler and cut for serving.


In a 10-inch cast iron or heavy bottomed skillet, melt butter and bacon fat over medium heat. Add onion and cook for three minutes stirring occasionally. Add cut up sprouts and garlic and cook for 6-8 minutes or just until the sprouts are tender but firm.
Add ham and heat for 1-2 minutes. Stir in potatoes and flatten and cook for about 2 minutes then turn with a heavy spatula so both sides brown. (The texture will be like hash so don’t expect to flip the whole mixture all at once.)
Cook the other side to brown and remove from heat. (The more browned and the more it sticks and gets crusty, the better. Just keep the heat on medium so it doesn’t stick and burn.)
Serve as is or with eggs and bacon.




Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a medium bowl, mix 
Pour into an appropriate sized casserole dish and top with shredded Fontina cheese. Drizzle last tablespoon of Frank's RedHot sauce over top and bake for 20 minutes or until hot and bubbly.
Serve with tortilla chips and celery sticks.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
On a pizza pan or cookie sheet with no sides (so that the nachos can slide off after), place tortilla chips in a pile.
In a medium bowl, mix beans, ½ cup crumbled blue cheese, blue cheese dressing, Jack cheese, and Fontina cheese. Spread over top of tortilla chips.
If necessary, reheat 
Top with remaining ¼ cup crumbled blue cheese and place in oven.
Heat 10-15 minutes until cheese has melted into chips.
Remove from oven and slide onto serving platter. Drizzle Frank’s RedHot Sauce over the top and top with chopped tomatoes.


Bring 
On a floured surface, flatten dough to a 12-14 inch round. Cover with plastic and dish towel again and let sit for another 30 minutes.
While dough is sitting, mix 
Preheat oven to 500 degrees with pizza stone.
On a pizza peel, sprinkle corn meal and place prepared dough circle on corn meal.
Spoon prepared pizza sauce onto dough coming about a half inch from edge.
Drizzle 
In a small bowl, mix three cheeses and sprinkle over sauce.
Spread 
Slide onto the hot pizza stone and cook seven minutes. Check bottom of pizza and cook for one more minute if needed. Slide out onto a cutting board and drizzle some additional hot sauce over top.
Cut and serve.


Trim all gristle, bone and excessive fat from meat. This should leave about 1½ pounds of usable meat. With a very sharp knife, slice ⅛th inch thick slices on a slight bias from one end to the other. Set aside.
In a food processor place pear, onion, garlic, ginger and scallion and puree until very smooth. Pour into a medium to large bowl and add Coca-Cola, soy sauce, corn syrup, brown sugar, pepper, sesame oil and sesame seeds.
Add beef and carrots; making sure everything gets coated. Place in tight fitting container or zip lock bag for 30 minutes or more depending on the cut of beef used.
If making rice, make that now.
Preheat the grill to its hottest temperature and also place a grill pan on grill to cook the carrots.
Drain the beef and carrots but discard the marinade. Remove as much liquid as possible even blotting any last drops from the meat with paper towels.
When the grill is at its hottest, mop some vegetable oil over the grill grates and lay the beef slices on the oiled grill. Grill just for a few minutes each side and remove. At the same time, place the carrots in a 
Serve cooked sliced beef and carrots with sweet sticky rice and good quality Kimchi. (I have tried a lot of jarred brands of Kimchi and only a few come close to home made. If you are lucky enough to live near an Asian market, buy it fresh.)


Make dipping sauce by combining all ingredients. Hold under refrigeration.
Using a sharp, good-quality knife (like our 
Cut the shrimp the same way; into tiny pieces. Place in bowl with beef.
Add cabbage, ginger, scallions, soy sauce, sherry, sesame oil, pepper, salt and curry paste. Mix to combine. This filling will fill 18 egg rolls.
Line a sheet tray with parchment paper and set aside. Fill a small bowl with water.
Keep egg roll wrappers covered with damp paper towels.
Place egg roll wrapper in front of you in a diamond shape. Place filling in center in a small roll left to right. Fold tip closest to you over filling and pull back tight with your hands. Then fold left and right flap in towards the center. Dab the upper tip with a little water. Then push and roll the eggroll forward landing on the wet tip. Place the eggroll sealed side down on the parchment lined sheet pan. Repeat for all 18 eggrolls, dividing the filling evenly. Keep the finished eggrolls covered with damp paper towels as you fill and roll.
In a large Dutch oven, fill three or four inches with vegetable oil and with a candy thermometer, bring to 350 degrees.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
With tongs and a 
When the eggrolls are all fried, place in a preheated oven and cook for 15 minutes. Remove and serve with dipping sauce.


The night before, mix yogurt with lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cumin, garam masala and turmeric. Coat the chicken thighs then place chicken and marinade in a gallon zip lock bag and refrigerate over night.
About an hour before service, place a large skillet or sauté pan over medium heat and melt butter in oil.
Once hot, add onion and cook for about five minutes until onions are just starting to turn translucent.
Add garlic, ginger and 1½ teaspoons cumin and cook for two minutes.
Add cinnamon stick, jalapeno and salt and cook for five minutes, keep heat at medium the entire time.
Add the chicken pieces along with all of the marinade and cook chicken three minutes per side.
Add stock, bring to a boil and lower to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes uncovered, turning chicken over once or twice.
Mix in tomato paste and cream and cook for 10 more minutes on medium.
Remove from heat and stir in the chopped cilantro.
Remove chicken to a cutting board and slice or shred then add back to the sauce and mix however remove and discard the cinnamon stick.
To assemble the panini, place Stonefire@ Naan on your counter, flat side in, bubbled side out.
Divide chicken between two slices.
Top each with tomatoes, cilantro and cheese, then cover each with another slice of Naan. Butter the top of each sandwich with half the butter and set aside.
Heat panini press and once hot, use the remaining butter to butter the bottom ribbed grill plate. Place both sandwiches on the press and close to heat both sides. (Depending on the size of your press, you may need to cook one at a time).
Grill until browned and the cheese has melted. We actually browned, removed to a board and cut into quarters, then back on the press to really get the cheese to melt and ooze. Total time on the panini press was about eight minutes but your time will vary.
Serve finished panini with mango chutney (jarred is fine)


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a standard-sized, 12-muffin tin with paper liners. Generously spray each liner with non-stick cooking spray. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, combine cornmeal and buttermilk and stir to mix. Set aside.
In the bowl of a mixer, beat the egg whites until slightly frothy. Add the sugar and beat on high for 1 minute. Stir in the cornmeal buttermilk mixture and mix just enough to combine.
In a separate bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add flour mixture and the corn kernels to the mixing bowl with the egg -sugar-cornmeal mixture and using a rubber spatula, stir just until the dry ingredients are moistened. (Do not overmix or the muffins will be tough.)
Spoon the batter into the 12 tins. (It’s OK to fill the tins right to the top.) Place a teaspoon of 
Bake 20-25 minutes or until golden and center of the muffins springs back when gently pressed.
Remove the muffins from the oven and cool on a metal rack for 10-15 minutes. Using a knife, loosen the edges of each muffin (if necessary) and ease out of the muffin tin onto a rack.
Serve immediately with melted butter and more 


Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
Toss one tablespoon of the oil in a small bowl with the sage and carrots and pour out onto a sheet pan. Roast for ten minutes.
Place squash and another tablespoon of oil along with salt and pepper to the small bowl and pour out onto the carrots and flip with a spatula to mix.
Roast for ten more minutes.
Remove from oven and set aside.
While vegetables are roasting, in a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, heat the remaining tablespoon of oil with the butter over medium high heat.
Once the fat is hot, add about a third of the chicken and cook about five minutes to brown and cook through. Remove to a bowl and cook the another third then finally the last third, adding to the bowl after each batch. Set aside. The chicken should be fully cooked through at this step.
Turn the heat to medium and add the onions and celery. Cook, stirring often until the onions are translucent, about five to ten minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute.
Add flour and cook for two more minutes, stirring often.
Add stock and stir with a wooden spoon.
Bring to a boil and add potatoes along with roasted vegetables and all pan drippings. Cook for 5-10 minutes until vegetables are tender, stirring often to make sure the ingredients don't stick to the pan bottom.
Add corn with juice along with Worcestershire and Tabasco sauces.
Add cooked chicken with any liquid that collected in the bowl, stir and add all of the half and half cream.
Taste and adjust seasoning and bring just to serving temperature.


In a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan, over medium-high heat, cook the sausage and fresh sage – breaking up the pieces of sausage as it cooks into small, bite-sized pieces. Cook the pork completely through until browned and no pink remains. Drain the excess fat, leaving the cooked pork and sage in the saucepan.
Add the beans, squash, salsa and water to the saucepan with the cooked sausage and bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Once the chili comes to a boil, lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 10-15 minutes (again stirring frequently) until the chili thickens.
Ladle the chili into individual bowls and sprinkle with goat cheese. Serve immediately.


Cook linguine, rinse under cold water and set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Peel whole squash and cut off whole neck of squash, leaving bulb base with seeds. Remove seeds and use bottom half 
Make sauce according to this recipe.
Take the remaining neck and slice into 18 even slices. Rinse and set aside.
Lay out three bowls for breading. Place flour in one, eggs in milk in a second and bread crumbs in a third.
Heat enough oil in a heavy bottomed fry pan, such as a cast iron skillet, to about half way up pan. Use a candy thermometer and get temperature to 325 degrees F and hold at that temperature.
Shake off water from squash and dip in flour. Shake off flour by tapping against bowl and then dip in the egg mixture. Finally place in bread crumbs and press to coat.
Fry in two or three batches for 3-4 minutes until golden brown and cooked through. Drain on paper towels and salt lightly.
Place three per serving in a 9x13-inch pan or dish with a total of six portions.
Divided the Parmesan between the tops of each.
Divide 1½ cups of the heated sauce between the tops of each.
Divide the mozzarella between the tops of each.
Place in oven and heat just long enough to melt the cheese, about 5-10 minutes.
While cheese is melting, reheat linguine in hot water.
To serve, place a portion of linguine and Butternut Squash Parmesan on a plate and top with additional 


In a large sauté pan, melt butter in oil over medium high heat and add shallots, butternut squash and sage.
Sauté for five minutes until the onions are translucent.
Add vermouth and cook until vermouth has evaporated.
Lower heat to medium and add flour and stir. Cook for one minute.
Add stock, salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Cook until stock has reduced by half, about ten minutes.
Add cream and simmer on low heat five minutes. (Mixture should be just slightly bubbling but do not boil)
Remove from heat, add cheese and puree with an 
Serve over your favorite cooked pasta.


Place a steamer basket into an appropriately sized pot with a tight fitting lid and fill with water up to bottom of basket. Place squash cubes in basket, cover and bring to a boil. Reduce to a medium boil and steam 10-12 minutes or until tender.
Remove steamer basket with squash and pour into a medium bowl and discard water. Add butter, salt and pepper and either mash with a potato masher or use an immersion blender to puree.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, toss squash cubes with butter, maple syrup, salt, pepper and sage and pour into a small sheet pan.
Roast 30 – 45 minutes uncovered depending on size of cubes, until tender.
Remove squash to a medium bowl and discard liquid in pan. Mash with a potato masher or use an immersion blender to puree.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
Cut the stem off but leave as much of the squash intact as possible. Cut in half lengthwise and remove seeds.
Place cut up on a sheet pan then divide the butter and brown sugar evenly between the four squash halves by placing in the cavity where the seeds were.
Sprinkle the entire cut pieces with the salt and pepper.
Place a sheet of foil over the top and pinch closed and bake for about 45 minutes or until tender.
Remove from oven and pour off liquid and discard.
Using a spoon, scoop out flesh into a medium bowl and mash with a potato masher or use an immersion blender to puree.


In a large sauté pan over medium heat, melt the 1 tablespoon each of butter and olive oil. Add the cubed squash and salt and sauté 10-15 minutes stirring occasionally. Once the squash is slightly browned and tender, add the chopped sage and sauté for one more minute. Remove from the heat and set aside.
In a medium heavy-bottomed saucepan, melt the butter and olive oil together over medium-high heat. Add the diced onion and sauté for 5 minutes, until the onions are translucent.
Add the Arborio rice, stirring frequently for 2-3 minutes until the rice is just starting to turn lightly golden.
Quickly pour in the white wine and allow the liquid to boil and be absorbed into the rice. Then pour in ¼ cup of chicken stock to the rice, stirring constantly. (If necessary, adjust the heat under the pot – you want a medium simmer.) Add more stock ¼ cup at a time – adding more just as most but not all of the liquid is absorbed before adding in more stock.
Cook the rice and stock together in this manner for approximately 25 minutes or so – until the rice is tender but not mushy. Turn the heat off when there is still some liquid remaining in the rice and stir in the parmesan cheese and cooked squash and salt and pepper to taste. Stir to combine completely.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a small bowl, mix squash with half the oil, salt and pepper. Pour out onto a sheet pan and roast for 20-25 minutes or until tender. Set aside.
While squash is roasting, in a medium pot, heat remaining oil over medium high and add onions. Sauté for three minutes then add garlic. Cook for 30 seconds and add sage, savory, cranberries, raisins, stock, quinoa and salt. Cover, bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer. After 12 minutes, turn off the burner and allow the quinoa to sit covered for 15 more minutes.
After 15 minutes, add squash, parsley and walnuts.
Stir and serve hot but also good cold or at room temperature.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper.
Cut the spaghetti squash in half lengthwise and place cut sides down on parchment lined sheet pan.
Bake for 35 minutes or until squash is just tender (be sure you don’t over cook – you want the strands of the spaghetti squash to still be somewhat firm).
Remove the squash from the oven and allow to cool. Once the squash is cool enough to handle, use a spoon to scoop out the seeds. Discard the seeds.
Using a fork, scrape the remaining squash forming long strands. Place onto a paper towel for about 5 minutes to remove any excess moisture.
When ready to serve, melt the butter in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add squash to the skillet and sprinkle the Romano cheese, pepper and salt over the squash strands. Gently toss to combine, heating through to warm the squash and melt the cheese.
Remove from heat and pour the squash into a serving platter or bowl. Sprinkle with additional Romano cheese and freshly ground black pepper.


Trim any visible fat from the chicken.
Note: Chicken breasts cook better if they are the same thickness all the way through. We slightly butterfly the breasts by opening up the thickest part and folding it open. The finished breast should be all one piece roughly the same thickness. This step is optional however it assures even cooking.
In a large plastic zip lock bag, place chicken breasts and the cup and a half of the dressings. Zip the bag and with your hands, work the dressing into all sides of the breasts.
Place the bag in the refrigerator and marinate for at least four hours or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place diced baguette or marble bread in a large bowl and toss with melted butter, garlic powder, paprika and parsley flakes until well coated.
Pour coated croutons onto a sheet pan and bake for 20 minutes, turning halfway through.
Cool completely and store in a zip lock bag until ready to use.
Note: This recipe makes enough croutons for several servings. Any leftovers will store well at room temperature for later use – not to mention they are delicious to munch on!
Heat a ribbed grill pan on your stovetop or heat an outdoor grill (preferred) until very hot.
Remove chicken from the marinade (discard the marinade – do not use for dressing the salad) and grill 3-5 minutes on both sides. If they are not done, move to a cooler part of the grill so they don’t burn, or turn flame down if you are using your stove top, and continue to cook until done.
Helpful hint: Use the poke test to test for doneness: Poke in thickest part of the breast with your finger. If it bounces back it is done.
Cover chicken loosely with foil and let rest for five minutes.
In a large bowl, toss romaine leaves with 2-3 tablespoons of the mixed dressings, croutons and the grated Parmesan.
Cut rested chicken into one inch strips, cutting on the bias to get wide, meaty slices.
Place romaine mixture in a serving bowl or plate and lay sliced chicken over top and serve.
Helpful hint: Shredding or shaving additional Parmesan cheese over the top of the salad before serving makes for a nice presentation.


Bring the water to a boil in a medium pan and add cashews. After one minute, drain into a strainer and discard water.
Place hot wet cashews in a medium bowl and add sugar and toss to coat.
Heat about an inch of oil in a cast iron or heavy bottomed fry pan to 350 degrees F. Use a 
Have a colander or strainer standing by placed over another bowl to catch the drips.
Using a 
Salt immediately with half the salt. (Or more if you like them salty)
Once the oil heats back up, repeat with the second half.
Once completely cooled, store in an air-tight container for snacking or to add to salads or desserts.


In a large skillet, heat oil over medium to medium high heat and add celery. Cook for two minutes until it starts to crisp. Add eggplant and cook for two more minutes. Add onions and cook for about three more minutes then add red peppers. Cook for about three minutes then add tomatoes, raisins and dry oregano.
Reduce to a medium simmer and simmer for about ten minutes or until the liquid has thickened and the vegetables tender.
Remove from heat and stir in the vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper. Sprinkle with fresh chopped basil. Caponata can be eaten hot, at room temperature, or chilled.


Slice each tomato into slices about ½ an inch thick.
Slice the mozzarella ball into ¼ to ½ inch slices.
On a platter or plate, alternately lay the tomato slices and mozzarella slices – you can lay them in a line on a long platter, or in a circular pattern on a smaller plate.
Season with salt and black pepper. Then, sprinkle the julienned basil over the slices.
Just before serving, drizzle with some extra virgin olive oil.
Serve immediately.


To prepare the oranges, slice off the bottom of an orange so it sits without rolling. With a sharp knife, slice off skin by cutting down from center around outside skin, cutting right down to the flesh.
With that same sharp knife, cut out the wedges by running the knife around each segment and lifting them out. When done, all that should be left are the membranes connected to the core. I'm not recommending that you hold the orange in your hand and cut down into each segment towards your hand, but it is easier and if you are skilled with a knife, you can do that but for safety, place the orange on your board and cut down into each segment that way.
Four hours before service or overnight, make dressing by straining the juice of one orange through a strainer which should yield ¼ cup of pulp free juice.
Add mustard, honey, cilantro and oil and using an immersion blender or a blender or a food processor, blend until a creamy dressing has formed, about 30 seconds.
Cube the cheese into small ½ inch cubes and combine with the dressing. Let sit refrigerated to marinate for at least four hours or overnight.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.
Note: Because the red beets bleed into other foods, keep the two types of beets separated until ready for service.
Peel beets and cut into pieces a little larger than bite sized. Keep two beet types separate. Place each beet type in its own bowl.
In a small bowl mix the ½ cup of orange juice, the ¼ cup of oil, salt and pepper. Pour half the mixture over each beet.
Using two small sheet trays place each beet with the cooking liquid on their own pans and roast for 45 minutes, flipping once or twice through roasting.
Prepare two small storage containers with lids to marinate the beets in.
Mix the half cup of the strained Cara Cara juice with the two tablespoons of sugar and pour half into each container.
As soon as the beets come out of the oven, place each into their own containers, cover and refrigerate four hours or overnight.
While beets are roasting, 
Once ready for service, place a strainer over a bowl and pour out the cheese with the dressing. Use a spoon and gently toss the cheese so that the dressing drains to the waiting bowl.
Drain each beet the same way except discard beet liquid.
Line a platter or individual plates with the torn lettuce.
Then arrange in any order you wish, red beets, gold beets and orange segments. Top with the marinated cheese.
Dob the top of the salad with the dressing that drained from the cheese and top with candied cashews.


Peel onions and slice into medium strips vertically.
Place onion slices in a large skillet along with the olive oil and sauté on medium-low heat, stirring occasionally until onions are well caramelized (30-40 minutes). Remove from heat and let cool slightly.
Pour caramelized onions into a food processor and pulse a few times to chop the onions into a chunky texture. Pour chopped onion mixture into a large mixing bowl.
Add mayonnaise, sour cream, onion powder and Worcestershire sauce into the mixing bowl with the onions. Stir to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Chill onion dip mixture for several hours before serving. Serve with your favorite potato chips.
If desired, make a crispy shallot garnish as follows: Peel and slice a shallot into thin, small rings. Heat olive oil in a small pan over medium low heat. Sauté shallot slices – stirring frequently and reducing heat if needed – until shallots are golden and crispy.
Remove from heat and drain on a paper towel to remove any excess oil and cool. Sprinkle shallots on top of the prepared Caramelized Onion Dip before serving.


Trim off top and bottom of pineapple. Using a sharp knife with a wide blade, shave off outside skin. Any little brown pieces left on pineapple can be removed with the tip of a 
In a very large non-stick skillet or fry pan, place pineapple, honey, vanilla, butter, sugar and cinnamon. Bring to a boil then reduce to medium and cook for five minutes, moving and tossing contents.
Add brandy off the heat then back on so it does not flare up. Cook for three minutes. The alcohol will burn off.
Add orange juice to corn starch and add to pan and cook for 3-5 minutes or until the pineapple slices are nice and browned and the sauce is thick and caramelized. Be careful at this step that everything doesn’t stick and burn.
Remove from heat and cool completely. Then place in food processor and just pulse long enough to break up the pieces to slightly larger than pea size. Hold refrigerated until ready to top cooked and cooled cheesecake.


Preheat oven to 275 degrees.
In a 9x11x2 casserole dish, or similar volume oven-proof vessel, place all ingredients. Cover with parchment and foil and bake for five hours.
Remove from oven and scoop out meat with a hand strainer or 
Place cooked pork on a foil-lined sheet pan brushed with the olive oil and place under broiler for five minutes. If the bottoms seem too wet, flip the pork and broil the other side for another minute or two. This step needs to be watched – you want the meat to caramelize without burning it or drying it out.
Serve simply in a warmed flour tortilla with chopped onion and cilantro.








Squeeze the lemon into the water and then place the squeezed lemon into the water as well. Add the 1 teaspoon of salt and bring to a boil.
Place carrots into the boiling salted lemon water and cook for twelve minutes then drain.
Place a large skillet or sauté pan over medium high heat and add the oil. Once hot, add carrots, Herbes de Provence, fennel, salt and pepper and brown slightly for about five minutes.
Add the vermouth and once evaporated, transfer carrots to a serving dish and enjoy.


Place raw cashews in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until the cashews are chopped into small pieces, but not so much that the nuts are pulverized. Pour chopped nuts into a medium bowl and set aside.
Using the same food processor, process all of the dates until a thick paste is formed.
Add the date mixture to the bowl with the chopped cashews and using your hands or a wooden spoon, combine until evenly mixed.
Using a small scoop, measure out 1-ounce portions, then roll into balls.
If desired, vacuum seal two cookie balls to a bag for a portable snack.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large bowl, sift flour, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, combine granulated and brown sugar and mix to combine.
Add cashew butter and cream until smooth.
With mixer running, add one egg at a time, mixing before adding second. Mix to a creamy consistency.
Add oil, and both extracts and mix to combine.
Scrape bowl and mix again.
Alternate adding cashew milk and flour mixture into bowl, and mix to combine.
Remove from machine and add chopped cashews and cranberries by hand.
Liberally grease the muffin tin with the vegetable shortening including a little on the top of the pan for the bake over edge.
Divide the batter evenly between the 12 cups in the muffin tin. The batter will come right up to the edge.
Mix the topping ingredients in a bowl and divide between the tops of each muffin, pressing down into the top so the topping is not loose and falling off. (There will seem like there is too much topping but it bakes out to the edges when done).
Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean when inserted into center. Ours took exactly 30 minutes.
Serve hot with vegan butter to keep dairy free, or with butter if you are not worried about dairy. Or spread cashew butter over cut pieces and enjoy.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Line a 13x9-inch baking dish or pan tightly with foil so that the edges of the foil fold over the outside of the pan. These will be used to lift the brownies out once baked.
Spray the foil liberally with pan spray.
In a large microwave safe bowl, place 
Remove from microwave and stir until chocolate is melted into butter and the mixture is smooth.
Stir in sugar with a wooden spoon.
Stir in eggs and vanilla extract.
Stir in flour and cashews.
Pour batter into prepared pan and bake for 30-35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into center, comes out clean.
Cool pan on a rack. Once cool enough to handle, remove brownies by lifting foil and place back on the rack to cool completely. Once completely cool, place parchment over top with a sheet tray and invert. Then gently peel off and discard foil. Place another inverted pan with parchment over top and invert again so that they are face up again. Discard parchment.
While brownies are cooling make frosting.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream butter until pale in color, about one minute on medium.
Add cocoa powder, confectioner’s sugar, cashew milk and vanilla and mix on low to incorporate ingredients then increase speed and mix to form a smooth frosting.
Scrape frosting onto brownies and smooth with an off set spatula.
Sprinkle immediately with chopped cashews.
Cut 4x6 into 24 pieces and serve.


Place the cashews in a bowl and add enough water to cover the tops of the cashews. Cover and let soak overnight refrigerated.
The next morning, drain the cashews and rinse the nuts until the water runs clear.
Place the rinsed nuts in a blender along with 2 cups of water. Starting on a low speed, start to puree the cashews, turning up the speed to high until the cashews and milk are completely blended. (This process can take several minutes depending on the strength of your blender.)
Place a fine mesh strainer lined with cheesecloth over a bowl. Pour the blended cashew milk through the strainer, pressing with a rubber spatula as necessary to get the milk to fully strain.
Pour the cashew milk into a covered bottle or container and chill. Store cashew milk in the refrigerator for several days.


In a mixing bowl, beat together the ricotta cheese, orange zest, granulated sugar, vanilla extract and 1 tablespoon of the triple sec. Once mixed, place one-third of the mixture in a small bowl, cover and refrigerate until you are ready to serve.
Add the candied citrus peel to the remaining ricotta mixture in the mixing bowl and stir to combine. Set aside.
Slice the cake into approximately 16 slices that are about 1 inch to 1½ inches thick.
Line the bottom of a 5-cup loaf pan with a piece of parchment paper that has been cut to fit the bottom of the pan. Arrange 4 of the cake slices side by side in the bottom of the pan – tearing the cake into smaller pieces if necessary to create a solid layer of cake. Evenly drizzle 1 tablespoon of the triple sec and 1 tablespoon of orange juice over the cake layer – allowing it to soak in. Spoon about ⅓ of the ricotta and candied citrus mixture over the cake, evenly spreading over the cake.
Repeat two more times – a layer of cake, drizzle of triple sec and drizzle of orange juice, and a layer of ricotta-candied citrus peel. Top with a final layer of cake slices.
Cut another piece of parchment paper to fit over the top layer of the cake. Also cut a small piece of cardboard the same size and place that over the parchment paper. Place some weights on top of the cardboard (you can use pie weights or dried beans in a zipper seal bag) – this will press the layers of cake and ricotta together as the cake chills.
Chill cake for at least two hours or overnight.
When ready to serve, remove the weights, cardboard and parchment from the top of the pan. Run a thin knife or spatula down around the sides of the loaf pan to loosen the cake from the sides. Place a serving platter over the loaf pan, then invert the pan. Gently lift the loaf pan, checking that the cake is sliding out. (If necessary, run the knife around the edges again.) Lift the loaf pan off the cake and remove the parchment paper from the top of the cake.
Gently spread the reserved ricotta mixture over the top of the cake like a frosting. Top with additional candied citrus peel if desired.
Slice to serve.


Place all ingredients except the oil in a blender. Blend until liquefied. Remove the center opening of the top to the blender and while on low speed, slowly add all of the oil. Taste and adjust salt and pepper if needed.
Refrigerate for up to one week.
Note: For a bolder sweeter tangier dressing, substitute half of the red wine vinegar for champagne vinegar.


Remove core and leaves and break cauliflower up into equal sized florets.
Place in a sauce pan with tight fitting lid filled half way with water.
Bring to a low boil for 8-10 minutes covered until tender. Drain but reserve liquid.
Place cooked cauliflower in food processor and add salt, pepper, garlic powder and butter and hit puree.
Slowly drizzle in about ¼ cup of cooking liquid as it purees until mixture is the consistency of mashed potatoes.
Serve immediately.


Place pork in a gallon zip lock bag and add all brine ingredients. Brine pork overnight or at least 8 hours.
The next morning drain and discard brine.
If you are using our pizza dough (see 
Preheat oven to 225 degrees.
Mix dry rub and coat the roast. Place pork roast in a foil lined roasting pan, fat side up with 1 quart of water and roast uncovered for 8 hours or until internal temperature reaches 200 degrees. (A 
If you are using our pizza dough, pull to room temperature two hours before making the pizza. If you are using store bought, pull to room temperature just before you prepare the pizza.
Use two forks and shred the pulled pork and set aside.
While the roast is cooking, prepare all of the toppings.
Mix the crema ingredients and place half in a squirt bottle. Place the other half in a bowl which will be used as a pizza sauce. Set aside.
Place a pizza stone in the oven and turn heat to the hottest it can go. Most can go as high as 550 degrees.
On a floured surface, divide dough into two balls and work into circles 13 inches wide leaving a high ridge on the outside. While still on your counter, brush the edges with water and sprinkle the sesame seeds.
Lift one of the circles onto the peel which has been dusted with corn meal.
Spoon half of the bowl of crema over the dough, 1 ½ cups pulled pork, half the shredded cheese, half the diced tomatoes, half the sliced red onion and enough hot or mild peppers to your liking.
Slide onto the pizza stone and cook 7-9 minutes, checking after 7 minutes for doneness. While the pizza is cooking, prepare the second pizza.
Using tongs, slide the cooked pizza out onto a pizza pan or cookie sheet and then onto your cutting board. Then slide the second pizza from the peel onto the stone and repeat.
After the pizza’s are cut into 6 each, place an avocado slice on each slice, sprinkle with cilantro and drizzle the crema over each whole pizza.


On a cutting board, lay out the salmon. With a very sharp long knife, start cutting ½ ounce slices on the bias. Cut your slices so that one pound of salmon will yield 32 ½-ounce slices.
In a small bowl mix juice and zest from two lemons, add dill and with a whisk, whip in oil.
Lay out a medium sized platter and one by one, dip the salmon in the lemon juice mixture and place flat on the platter. Repeat for all 32 pieces. Reserve the marinade left in bowl.
In a small pan, bring water to a boil and blanch green peas for one minute then transfer to a bowl of ice water to shock them. Drain water and place peas over marinating salmon.
Then pour the remaining lemon juice mixture from the bowl over the peas and salmon, and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.
While salmon and peas are marinating, mix mascarpone spread by mixing all ingredients until blended. Set that aside.
Fill a small pot of water and bring to a boil. Place snow peas in water for one minute then transfer to an ice water bath. Drain and dry snow peas.
To assemble, divide mascarpone spread between 32 Garden Herb Triscuit crackers by pressing the spread down onto the cracker with the back of a spoon leaving it high on one side and low on the other. With a spoon, place a few marinated green peas over the spread, then top the low side with a snow pea, hanging off either end.
Twist a piece of salmon into a curl and place over the spread and snow pea. Spoon a few more peas over that, garnish with a dill frond and serve on a cheese board or platter scattered with pea shoots.
Serve immediately. (We do not recommend assembling this recipe too far in advance.)


In a medium bowl, mix ½ cup of the flour, salt, pepper and 
In a second medium bowl, mix the coconut milk, the whole egg and 
In a third larger bowl, mix panko, shredded coconut, brown sugar, 
In a wok or heavy bottomed pot, heat about three inches of oil to 350 degrees F 
Dip chicken in flour mix, shake off excess, dip in egg mix, then finally in panko and coconut mix, pressing to coat.
Fry in batches to keep oil at 350. Drain and serve with this 


Combine all ingredients together in a bowl.
Store in an air-tight container in a dry, cool location.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 
Make the Chai Sugar Topping by placing ¼ cup granulated sugar and ½ tablespoon of the Chai Spice Mix in a small bowl. Stir to combine. Set aside.
In a bowl, sift together flour, salt and baking soda and stir to combine. Set aside.
In a mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add oil, eggs, milk and vanilla extract and mix again to combine.
Slowly add the flour mixture to the mixing bowl with the butter and egg mixture, mixing very thoroughly to combine.
Pour batter evenly into prepared pan, using an offset spatula to spread the batter to the corners. Sprinkle the top evenly with the prepared Chai Sugar Topping.
Bake for 20 minutes, or until the edges are light brown. Cool for 10 minutes in the pan. Cut into 24 squares.


Start by preparing the chai tea concentrate: In a small saucepan, heat honey and water until just boiling. Stir to dissolve honey.
Remove from heat and add 
To make the smoothie, in a blender add prepared chai tea concentrate, ice cubes, milk, agave nectar, Greek yogurt and vanilla extract.
Blend on Smoothie setting (if your blender has one) for one cycle or until light and frothy and all ice has been incorporated (approximately 1 minute on high if using a manual setting).
Pour into glasses and serve immediately.


Combine cranberry juice cocktail, Grand Marnier and lime juice in a pitcher. Stir to mix.
Divide cranberry mixture evenly among 8 martini glasses or 8 champagne glasses or flutes.
Pour Proseco in each glass with the cranberry juice mixture and fill to the top. Take a strip of lime zest and fold it in half over each glass, releasing the essential oils into the cocktail. Drop the lime zest strip into the glass.
Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Place peeled potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Cook until potatoes are soft enough to mash - easily pierced with a knife or fork (15 to 20 minutes).
While potatoes are cooking, heat oil in a heavy bottomed 6 quart pot over medium-high heat. Add carrots, celery, onion, garlic, thyme and oregano. Cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender (approximately 10 minutes). Add ground beef and stir into vegetables. Cook mixture until beef is no longer pink. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil, simmering for 1 minute. Add flour, tomato paste, hot sauce, browning and seasoning sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper (adjusting to your taste) and cook, blending well for about a 1 minute. Remove from heat.
Drain potatoes well and return to the pot. Mash the potatoes and then add milk and all but ½ cup of cheddar cheese, stirring to mix well so the cheddar begins to melt. Stir until smooth, adding additional milk if necessary. Season cheddar-potato topping with salt and pepper to your liking.
Pour beef filling into a 13-by-9-inch ungreased baking dish. Drop dollops of the potato mixture over the beef filling and spread the potatoes to the edges of the dish with a spatula.
Using a fork, make decorative peaks in the mashed potatoes, and then sprinkle with the remaining ½ cup of grated cheese.
Place a sheet of aluminum foil on the center rack of your oven to prevent any oven spills, and then place the baking dish on the foil in the oven. Bake at 450 degrees until topping is browned and filling is bubbling rapidly, about 25-30 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes or longer to set up before serving.


In a large skillet over medium high heat, add bacon fat. Once fat is hot, add onions and mushrooms and sauté for 4 minutes. Add ground beef and cook until no longer pink. Add stock, cream, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil then reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
In a small bowl, mix 2 tablespoons of the four and water to form a slurry. Add to cooked beef and stir.
Pour mixture into a medium sized casserole dish (about 8X8 for example) sprayed with pan spray. Stir in cheddar cheese and top with crumbled bacon.
In a small bowl, mix flour, baking powder, sugar and salt. Add cold butter and mix by hand until butter is pea shaped. Add milk and mix to form sticky dumpling dough. Drop by spoonfuls onto beef mixture.
Cover casserole dish and bake for 15 minutes.
Serve with a side of lettuce and tomato.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium to large sauce pan, heat the one tablespoon of oil over medium high heat and add onions. Sauté for 3 minutes, reduce to medium and add tomato paste. Stir while cooking for one more minute.
Add wine to deglaze the pan and reduce by half.
Add beef stock, Worcestershire sauce and bay leaf and reduce to four cups. Set this mixture aside.
In a large Dutch oven over medium high to high heat, add oil.
Thoroughly pat the beef dry with paper towels and season all sides with salt and pepper.
Add pieces one at a time to the hot oil keeping the pieces from touching. Brown each piece on all sides, total of about 20-30 minutes. Let each side sit untouched until you are ready to turn so they get a nice crust.
Add root beer and deglaze the pan.
Add peppercorns, cinnamon stick and reserved reduced liquid.
Cover and place in oven and set timer for four hours. After four hours, check liquid and add more root beer if needed and continue to cook until tender, about another hour.
While brisket is cooking, prepare the filling.
In a medium skillet with a tight fitting lid, place the two teaspoons of the oil and heat over medium high.
Add mushrooms and salt and cook covered for about five minutes. Mushrooms should give up some liquid.
Uncover and cook for about five more minutes until liquid is gone and mushrooms become golden brown. Remove to a large bowl and hold.
In the same pan heat the last teaspoon of oil and add onions and garlic. Cook uncovered for three minutes or just until they start to brown. Add these to the bowl with the mushrooms and refrigerate for later.
Once the beef is cooked, remove from heat and let rest in the pan uncovered for 10 minutes.
Remove each piece to your cutting board and slice against the grain. (reserve pan sauce and place in refrigerator until later) Then with your fingers, crumble the slices and add to the now chilled bowl of mushrooms and onions.
Chill this mixture for at least an hour.
To the same bowl add the diced provolone and ½ cup of the reserved pan sauce (skim off any fat first). Mix this final mixture thoroughly.
In a small bowl, beat egg white with water.
To assemble, brush all four edges with the egg white mixture and place about 1 ½ ounces of filling in center spreading it out in a line from left to right, with one of the four corners pointing towards you. The amount of filling will exactly fill 20 wrappers.
Roll the corner closest to you over the line of filling and tuck under filling. Then fold each edge to the center, tucking under the roll you started. Finally roll forward until it ends with the opposite corner under the eggroll.
The queso is easy to make and better if you make it before frying so the eggrolls can be eaten hot and crispy. If the queso cools off, just microwave to melt again.
In a small sauce pan, place diced chilies and add all of the American cheese, breaking it up with your hands. Add ⅛ cup of any beer and heat over medium heat until melted. Only use another ⅛ cup or less of beer to get the queso to your desired consistency.
In a cast iron skillet or wok, heat enough oil to cover the cooking eggrolls. Once the oil is 350 degrees (use a candy thermometer), cook the eggrolls in three or four batches until crispy. They float so try and keep them submerged so all sides get crispy.
Remove to paper towels and serve with hot queso dip.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Spray a baking pan with non-stick cooking spray and place the fish fillets (or pieces) in pan. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Place the slices of Muenster cheese evenly over the fish.
Crush crackers into a medium-size bowl (Helpful tip: Crush them right in the sleeve and then pour into the bowl). Add in the lemon juice, lemon zest, garlic powder, white pepper, parsley flakes, paprika, Worcestershire sauce and melted butter. Mix to combine.
Gently pile cracker mixture over fish. Try to leave the stuffing loose and not packed down.
Pour milk around fish but not over. Place lemon wedges in milk next to fish.
Cover with a piece of parchment paper and then cover with foil, sealing tightly around the edges.
Bake covered for 15 minutes, then remove the parchment and foil and bake uncovered for five more minutes. (Cooking time may vary depending on the thickness of your fish. Fish is done when it flakes apart with a fork.)


Peel and cut potatoes into one-inch dice and place in a bowl of water. Let sit in the water until the other ingredients are prepped and you are ready to cook.
In a cast iron skillet, melt two tablespoons of the butter with the olive oil over medium high heat.
Drain the potatoes, then add to the skillet along with the diced onions. Cover and cook for five minutes.
While potatoes are cooking, place milk, American and cheddar cheese, salt, pepper, mustard and nutmeg in a microwave-safe container and microwave for 90 seconds on high. Whisk the mixture together and microwave again just until the cheese melts and a cheese sauce is formed. Remove from the microwave. Hold for later.
Add the remaining butter and green pepper to the potato mixture in the skillet and turn and mix using a spatula. Cook for 8 minutes turning occasionally with the spatula, or until the vegetables are tender.
Add the smoked sausage, cover and reduce heat to medium. Cook for two minutes covered and turn off the heat under the skillet. Pour cheese sauce into the skillet and stir to coat. Serve immediately.


In a large bowl, toss both lettuce types and place on your serving platter, piling it to the center like a mountain.
In any combination you want, add each of the salad ingredients. We put ours together in the order of the ingredients and topped with our 
Having all the meat piled towards the center is how Jack remembers this dish being served in more formal food service settings, but you can serve this however you would like.
Serve with good crusty bread.


Place a strainer over a large bowl, cut the tomatoes in half and squeeze over the strainer to remove seeds. Cut out the stem portion and discard the stem and seeds. Dice the tomatoes small and add back to the juice.
Add all other ingredients to the tomatoes and juice and stir.
Best if it sits overnight, but this salsa can be eaten immediately.


Place sliced onions and lemon juice in a small zip lock bag and seal out air. Let sit at room temperature while you prepare the rest of the recipe.
In a large sauté pan place 1 tablespoon of oil over medium high heat and add beans and sauté for five minutes. Add chick peas and another tablespoon of oil and sauté for 8-10 minutes or until beans are tender. Add garlic, salt, pepper and water and cook for one minute. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature.
In a small bowl, drain off liquid from onions and add the Dijon whisking to combine. While whisking add remaining tablespoon of oil to make vinaigrette.
In a large bowl combine cooled pea and bean mixture, marinated onions, chopped parsley, chopped mint and dressing. Stir to combine and cool to room temperature before serving.


In a large sauté pan over medium high heat, combine 1 tablespoon each of olive oil and butter until melted and frothy.
Working in two batches, add in chicken and brown on all sides, about 3-4 minutes per batch. Do not over cook. Remove chicken to a flat plate to cool and stop the cooking process.
Place the bacon in the same pan and cook until it is crispy. Remove to paper towels, chop and reserve.
Drain off all bacon fat but reserve two tablespoons,half of which gets used in next step.
Put one tablespoon of bacon fat and one tablespoon of butter in the same pan and sauté mushrooms for 2-3 minutes or until they just start to give up their liquid. Remove from pan and set aside along with all of the pan drippings.
Add the second tablespoon of bacon fat and butter back into the pan and sauté onions and garlic until the onions are translucent, about 3-4 minutes.
Add mushrooms and their liquid back into the pan with the onions, add the sherry and cook for one minute scraping any bits from the bottom.
Add in cream, sour cream, salt, pepper, oregano, basil, parsley and parmesan cheese. As mixture starts to bubble, reduce heat to medium and simmer 2 more minutes. The mixture will begin to thicken.
Cook fettuccini according to package directions. When draining reserve one cup of pasta water.
Add cooked chicken and bacon back to sauce and stir.
Add cooked fettuccini and cook over low to medium heat for 1-2 minutes to blend flavors. If the dish is too thick, add a little pasta water until desired consistency is achieved.
Serve with fresh parsley sprinkled over individual servings.


In a medium bowl, whisk together the apple cider, cornstarch, salt and pepper, and the honey mustard (or honey and Dijon mustard). Mix well and set aside.
Lightly sprinkle the breadcrumbs onto the chicken pieces.
In a large non-stick skillet, heat the canola oil. Add chicken and cook over medium heat until golden brown on one side, about 3 minutes. Turn chicken, add apples, and cook until chicken is golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes longer.
Add broth. Cover and simmer on medium heat until the chicken and apples are tender, about 15 minutes.
With a slotted spoon, remove the chicken and apples to a serving plate. Whisk cider mixture again and add to the skillet. Cook and stir over high heat until slightly thickened and bubbling, 1 to 2 minutes. Spoon the sauce over the chicken and apples and sprinkle with parsley. Serve immediately.




Prepare pesto according to 
Cut chicken into 1” wide by 2” long strips.
Mix egg whites, lemon juice, oregano and 2 tablespoons of pesto and stir to combine. Place in a quart zipper seal bag along with chicken strips and marinate for 30 minutes.
Toast the pine nuts in a small frying pan over medium heat for about five minutes until lightly browned. Do not overcook.
Mix the flour salt and pepper. Dip the marinated chicken strips in the flour and coat on both sides.
In a 14” sauté pan, heat 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons of oil over medium high heat until hot and frothy. Add chicken strips in single layer and cook on both sides for 2-3 minutes, or just until cooked through. Cook in two to three batches using an additional tablespoon of butter and oil if needed. Remove to platter and hold.
Cook pasta according to package instructions.
In the same pan over medium heat, sauté the shallots until translucent; about 1-2 minutes. Add garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add chopped Prosciutto, parsley and toasted pine nuts and cook for one more minute.
Add cream and 3 tablespoons of the pesto. Add salt and pepper only if needed and stir to combine. Stir in ⅓ cup of the Parmesan cheese until melted into the sauce. Save the rest for serving.
Add the cooked chicken into the sauce and gently mix to combine.
To serve, mix two to three tablespoons of the pesto with the cooked Linguini and place on a serving platter. Top with the chicken and cream mixture. Sprinkle the remaining Parmesan cheese (more if needed) and top with the arugula. Or serve pasta, chicken and sauce directly onto serving plates and top each plate with Parmesan and arugula.


In a medium bowl, place flour, salt and pepper and mix. Dredge chicken in four, shake excess and set aside.
In a large skillet heat oil over medium high heat until hot. Add chicken breasts and brown 3-4 minutes per side. If all four pieces will not fit, cook in two batches. Remove chicken to a platter and set aside.
Heat pan back up to high and add mushrooms and cook for about three minutes until just starting to brown. Reduce to medium high and add onions and rosemary. Cook for two to three minutes. The mushrooms will give up some liquid when the onions are added. Add both mustards, and wine and scrape up bottom. Add parsley, stock, cream and butter and mix to combine. Add chicken back in and cover with sauce. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook just until the chicken is cooked through (depending on size). Serve with sauce over each portion.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Cut cooked chicken into bite sized pieces, set aside.
Cook pasta according to package directions except make it a little undercooked.
While pasta is cooking, blanch broccoli in boiling salted water for 1 ½ minutes then cool under cold water to stop cooking process. Set aside.
Heat milk to hot in a sauce pan but do not boil. Hold on heat.
In a large bowl, mix Boursin cheese, heavy cream, sour cream, beaten egg and the two cups of shredded cheddar. Set aside.
In a pan larger than the milk pan, heat butter until melted and add onions and cook for three minutes, then add flour to form a thick roux. Cook four minutes over medium until the raw flour smell is gone. Add hot milk to the butter and flour mixture one third at a time, whipping during each addition. Add salt, pepper, nutmeg and mustard and stir to combine. Remove from heat.
Drain hot pasta and add to large bowl with cheese mixture and stir to combine.
Add cooked chicken and blanched broccoli and stir to combine.
Finally stir in the hot milk mixture and pour into a four quart casserole dish that has been sprayed with kitchen pan spray. Mixture will be loose but firms up after it comes out of the oven and rests.
In a small bowl mix crushed Ritz, butter and cheddar and sprinkle over the top of the casserole dish.
Bake for 45 minutes uncovered. Remove from oven and let rest for 10-15 minutes before serving.


Rinse and pat dry chicken pieces and salt and pepper both sides. Set aside.
In a large heavy bottomed Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium heat and cook garlic until light brown. Use a long handled strainer and remove and discard cooked garlic.
Turn heat to medium high to high and brown chicken on both sides, about five minutes for each side. (Try not to crowd pan). After browning for ten minutes, cover, lower heat to a simmer and cook in the oil covered for five minutes.
Remove chicken to a platter and raise heat to medium high to high.
Add both bell pepper types, onions and green beans and cook for five minutes until crisp but not limp.
Add tomato paste and cook for one minute. Add canned tomatoes pepper flakes and cooked chicken pieces with any juice collected and cook covered over medium heat for five minutes.
Add whole mushrooms and chopped parsley, stir, heat back up, cover pan and turn off burner and let mixture sit for 30 minutes.
While mixture is resting, peel potatoes and cut each into about six or eight pieces and cook in boiling salted water until tender.
To serve, heat chicken mixture to serving temperature and serve over cooked potatoes, or if you prefer serve pasta instead of potatoes. This dish was also traditionally served at room temperature in Jack's family (which is how he likes it), but serve based on your own preferences.


Place breast meat and thigh meat in a food processor and process until the meat is ground down to about pea sized pieces. Try not to over process. Divide the mixture in half.
In a large sauté pan, melt butter and over medium heat, sauté peppers, onions, pepper flakes and poultry seasoning for four minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute.
Add half of the ground chicken meat and stir and cook until cooked through, about three minutes. Set aside to cool completely.
In a large bowl place crackers, mayonnaise, parsley, salt, pepper Tabasco, bread crumbs, eggs and mustard. Mix to combine.
Add raw chicken and cooled mixture from sauté pan and mix.
Form the mixture into 18 balls and press to a disc shape and place on a tray lined with parchment paper. Place in the refrigerator to firm up for at least 30 minutes
Heat a large grill pan over medium heat and add half the oil and half the butter. Once melted, place half the chicken cakes into the pan. Fry for about 3-4 minutes per side. Since we are dealing with raw chicken, I inserted a probe thermometer into the side of one of the cooked cakes to make sure it was at least 150 degrees F before removing to a platter. Repeat for second batch.
Alternatively, if you have two grill pans you can cook all at once.


Cook the bacon until crisp. Drain and crumble. Set aside both crumbled bacon and bacon fat.
Cook the pasta according to package directions. Cool and set aside but keep moist.
Toast pine nuts in a small dry sauté pan over medium heat until lightly browned. Set aside.
Mix the butter and flour together in a small sauté pan and heat over medium to low heat for four minutes until the raw flour smell is gone. Set aside.
Heat cream, milk and sugar to hot in a small sauce pan. Do not boil.
Fill a low wide pot halfway with water and bring to a boil.
Beat egg yolks in stainless steel or heat proof glass bowl that will fit over hot water pan without touching water but don't place over hot water yet.
Slowly pour hot cream and milk into egg yolks in a very slow steady stream whipping vigorously as you pour. Place bowl over hot water and whip continuously until the mixture is hot but not scalding. This step is critical that you do not over heat, or you will scramble the eggs. If the mixture heats too quickly, pull bowl off of heat and let cool a bit and then back on, but whip continuously.
Once done, remove from heat and add one and one half cups of Parmesan cheese, one half cup chopped basil, salt and pepper. Then whisk in the cooked butter and flour mixture until the mixture is smooth. Set aside. If preparing early in day, refrigerate.
Remove tendon from the chicken tenderloin by laying the dull edge of a knife blade over tendon and with your other hand, pull tenderloin up with your fingers and slide off of the tendon. You should be left with the tendon on the board and the tenderloin in your hand. This takes some practice but once the technique is perfected, you can quickly remove tendons from tenderloins. Finally cut each tenderloin into three or four pieces.
If you prepared the basic ingredients earlier in the day, pull the egg mixture out and gently bring back to serving temperature over hot water, again being careful not to get it too hot.
Heat a pan of water to boiling with an opening large enough to drop a strainer into, to reheat the cooked pasta. Heat a large sauté pan over medium high heat and place the butter and two tablespoons of bacon fat with the chicken and sauté for two to three minutes until chicken is no longer pink. Add the garlic and sauté for 30 seconds. Place the pasta into the hot water for a few seconds, then into the pan with the chicken. Toss in the parsley, lemon zest and the crumbled bacon (save a little bacon to crumble over top of dish). Remove from heat and add in the egg yolk and cream mixture. Bring the pan just to serving temperature. Again, if you get it too hot, you will scramble the eggs.
Slide onto serving dishes and top with reserved crumbled bacon, sprinkling of Parmesan cheese and a little more basil and finish with the toasted pine nuts.


Preheat the oven to 250 degrees.
In a medium sauce pan over medium heat, melt butter and add flour. Stir and cook for 3-5 minutes or until the raw flour smell is gone.
Add heated 
Add sour cream, chilies, cayenne and 
Fill the center of each tortilla with warmed 
Start rolling away from you in a tight roll until you reach the end, then flip the roll back to have seam side up. Now fold each end up and over about an inch or so and bind with stainless steel clips.
Heat enough oil in a heavy bottomed pot to 350 degrees using a thermometer to get to the correct temperature.
Place two chimichangas in the hot oil making sure they are completely covered by the oil and cook until browned and crispy, about 5 minutes. (Hold down with a metal strainer if necessary). Remove to paper towels and drain, then hold in warm oven. Heat oil back to 350 degrees and cook the other two chimichangas.
With a pot holder or towel, gently remove hot binder clip.
Place on serving platter and cover with the sauce.


Butterfly the chicken breasts to get them uniform in size before pounding. To do this, run a sharp knife under the tenderloin from the inside center almost to the edge and then fold it open. Then turn the breast around and do the same by running the knife from the center out almost to the edge and fold that open (picture the wings of a butterfly). Cover with plastic wrap and pound to about ¼ inch thick. Repeat for other three breasts.
Lay one breast on the board so that the outside of the breast faces down.
Divide the Jones Dairy Farm Canadian Bacon and Swiss cheese into four piles and place one pile of Canadian Bacon (1 ½ ounces) and Swiss (1 ½ ounces) in the center of the breast. Fold the edges up and over the filling leaving no openings. Using tooth picks or skewers, secure sides to each other so that the filling stays in place. Repeat for remaining breasts and hold on a plate for next step.
Mix flour, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Mix eggs and milk in a second bowl. Place seasoned bread crumbs in a third bowl.
Gently lift each breast and roll in flour. Shake off excess and roll in egg wash. Finally roll in bread crumbs and place back on the plate.
Refrigerate for 30 minutes to firm up.
While the stuffed breasts are setting up, make the pan sauce.
In a small pan, place stock and cook to reduce to one cup. Add milk, heat and hold. Do not boil.
In a medium pan, melt butter and add thyme. Cook over medium for one minute and add flour. Continue to cook for three minutes on medium, stirring often.
Add milk mixture to butter mixture one third at a time, whipping as you add each third.
Add salt, pepper and nutmeg, stir to combine and remove from heat.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a large sauté pan, heat the four tablespoons of butter with the ¼ cup of oil over medium to medium high heat.
Remove chicken from refrigeration and with tongs place in hot pan skewered side down. Cook to brown, watching to make sure they don’t brown too quickly. Reduce to medium heat if needed.
Have a 9x9-inch or larger baking dish standing by.
Brown the chicken on all sides. I found it easiest to brown the bottom, then the top then each side, rolling them on their sides as they brown.
Place them skewered side down in baking dish and bake for 25 minutes uncovered. A probe thermometer inserted into the center should be 140 degrees. (Be advised that wherever you poke with the thermometer will ooze melted cheese).
Remove from oven and slide tooth picks or skewers out. Let rest for two minutes tented with foil.
While chicken is resting, bring sauce back to temperature.
To serve, slice thick slices on a cutting board and transfer to a platter, or serve half or whole portions.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
While the oven is heating, mix together honey, mustard, mayonnaise and poppy seeds until well blended. Set aside in refrigerator.
Using a pastry brush, brush 1 tablespoon of butter over the tops of each sliced roll. Wrap sliced rolls in a large piece of foil and place in oven just long enough to warm the rolls (approximately 5-10 minutes).
Slice pre-cooked chicken into ¼-inch thick inch slices. Cut in half to fit on small rolls if necessary.
On your cutting board, lay out portions of chicken, top with ham slices then top with Sargento Swiss cheese divided evenly in 8 stacks.
In a large sauté or grill pan, pour in the remaining one tablespoon of butter and heat over medium heat. With a spatula, pick up each pile of chicken, ham and Swiss, and place in a pan or on a flat grill surface. Place a cover over the pan and heat just until cheese melts, about 1-2 minutes.
Remove rolls from the oven. Open each warm roll and spread the mayonnaise mixture on the inside top and bottom. Then slide each heated chicken, ham and cheese portion onto the warmed roll. Place the top of the roll on the sandwich and serve immediately (two sliders per portion).


Place potatoes in a medium pot with a pinch of salt and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook for about 10 minutes or until tender. Drain and set potatoes aside.
Put 
(At this point, you can remove the salt pork and strain the fat for a lower calorie version, however we leave it in as it adds great flavor to the soup.).
To the cooked salt pork, add the butter and melt.
When butter is melted, add celery, onions and red pepper and cook 2-3 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium and add flour. Stir to combine.
Cook this mixture on medium to medium low for an additional 2-3 minutes until the raw flour smell is gone.
Add 
Add milk, cream, creamed corn, kernel corn, Worcestershire sauce, thyme, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper. Stir to combine.
Add cooked chicken and cooked potatoes and stir gently.
Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper and serve. Crumble cooked bacon over the top as garnish.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium sauce pan over medium heat, melt butter and add flour. Stir and cook for 3-5 minutes or until the raw flour smell is gone.
Add heated 
Add sour cream, salt, chilies and 
In an 8x10-inch casserole dish or glass baking dish, coat the bottom with a ladle full of white sauce.
Heat oil in large fry pan to hot. With a pair of tongs, place one tortilla in at a time and fry for only 5 seconds on each side and drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining 5 corn tortillas. (This step is necessary so that the tortillas don’t get soggy and fall apart when the dish is cooked; it also makes them more pliable to roll.)
Lay tortillas flat on your cutting board or counter and divide the 
Place each roll, seam side down, in the sauce lying side by side.
Cover with all the remaining sauce and sprinkle all of the Monterey Jack cheese on top. (If this seems like a lot of sauce and cheese, it isn’t. The finished dish will come out with the perfect amount of sauce.)
Bake for 40 minutes. Let set for 10 minutes before serving.


Butterfly the chicken breasts to get them uniform in size before pounding. To do this, run a sharp knife under the tenderloin side from the inside center, through the thick tenderloin, almost to the edge and then fold it open. Then turn the breast around and do the same by running the knife from the center through the thickest part out almost to the edge and fold that open (picture the wings of a butterfly). Cover with plastic wrap and pound to about ¼ inch thick. Repeat for other breast then cut both breasts in half to yield four pieces. (Any shape is fine).
Mix flour, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Mix eggs and milk in a second bowl. Place seasoned bread crumbs in a third bowl.
Dredge each piece in the flour, shake off excess and then coat with egg wash. Finally coat with the breadcrumbs and lay out on a plate. Place the plate in the refrigerator while making the sauce.
In a small pan, cook stock and reduce to one cup. Add milk, heat and hold on low.
In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt the 4 tablespoons of butter and add shallots. Cook for two minutes and add mushrooms and thyme. Continue to cook. The mushrooms will give up some liquid then the liquid will evaporate, about five minutes. Add flour and stir and cook for three more minutes.
Add milk and stock mixture to mushroom mixture one third at a time, stirring as you go.
Season with salt, pepper and lemon zest. Reduce flame to low and hold while you cook chicken.
In a large sauté pan over medium to medium high heat, melt 2 tablespoons of butter with the two tablespoons of oil until hot.
Remove chicken from refrigeration and fry pieces in hot fat until browned on both sides. Because they are pounded thin, they will only take but a few minutes on each side.
Remove to paper towels then place on a serving platter and drizzle lemon juice over each piece.
Pour sauce over the cutlets or serve sauce on the side and finish by sprinkling on chopped parsley.


Trim all fat and connecting tissue from chicken livers. Place cleaned livers in a small bowl and cover with the milk. Place in the refrigerator for two hours.
Place soaked livers in a strainer and strain and discard liquid.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat, melt butter and add shallots, thyme, salt and pepper. Sauté until shallots are tender, about 4-5 minutes and do not brown.
Turn burner to medium high to high heat and add livers and cognac. Cook for about five minutes until cooked but still slightly pink inside. Since the livers I used were different sizes, I pulled the smaller ones out after about four minutes and let the bigger ones continue to cook so that none of the livers overcooked. This is important to not overcook them as they will get tough and rubbery. But it is equally as important to cook them over a somewhat high heat so that they brown. At the end of the five minutes, any liquid should have evaporated. If not, remove cooked livers and cook liquid a minute or so longer to evaporate. Set the pan and cooked liver aside to cool slightly.
Once cool enough to handle, place the cooked livers and the contents of the pan into a blender. Add all of the chicken fat and 3 tablespoons of heavy cream and puree until fine. Use the last tablespoon of cream if necessary to yield a creamy texture. Taste and add more salt and pepper if needed.
Pour into a serving container, cover tightly with plastic wrap so that the wrap touches the top of the pate tight. Refrigerate for several hours or overnight.
Serve with crackers (we found rice crackers to be the best) and cornichons which are tart little mini pickles and often served with pâté.
Keeps well up to five days refrigerated but over time the pâté will begin to turn grey where it has been exposed to air. This change in color does not alter the taste at all.


Remove the backbone from the chicken and freeze for later for stock. Cut the chicken into quarters with breast and wing together and leg and thigh together. Place quartered chicken pieces in a zip lock gallon size bag.
In a small bowl mix garlic, oregano, salt, pepper, red wine vinegar, olive oil, prunes, olives, capers, and bay leaves. Mix together and pour over chicken. Seal the bag and marinate overnight.
The next day, 90 minutes before you want to serve, preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Place the chicken pieces in a shallow baking pan and pour marinate over chicken and let solids fall around the chicken pieces.
Sprinkle the brown sugar over the chicken pieces and pour the white wine around the outside of the chicken.
Bake uncovered for 50 minutes, basting every 15-20 minutes. Pierce thigh and if juices run clear, pull them out of the oven. If a little pink, cook for ten more minutes.
Note: Our giant six-pound bird took one hour. We also put ours under the broiler for a few minutes to crisp the skin up but this is your choice.
Remove to a platter and spoon prunes, olives and capers over each piece. Then sprinkle with chopped parsley or cilantro and serve the remaining liquid on the side.
Another Note: We put our liquid in a gravy separator and skimmed off the fat before serving. The liquid is quite tasty actually and was good for dipping the chicken pieces in as we ate.


Lay breasts out on cutting board and pound with a meat mallet to ¼ inch thick. If you started with two large breasts, cut in half after pounding out to correct thickness so you end up with four portions.
Mix flour, salt and pepper in a pie plate or similar size dish with sides.
In a large sauté pan, heat oil over medium high.
Once oil is hot, dredge chicken breasts in flour, shake off excess and place in hot oil. Four pieces should fit comfortably in a large 14 inch pan.
Cook for 4-5 minutes on each side until browned and cooked through. Remove to a platter.
With a paper towel, carefully wipe out any burned flour that has accumulated in bottom of hot pan.
Keep burner on medium high and add pancetta. Cook until crisp stirring often.
Add shallots and cook for two minutes then add mushrooms and oregano. Cook mushrooms for three minutes and add wine. Cook for just one minute and add stock. Cook this down for two minutes to reduce by about half.
Lower burner to medium low and stir in butter until dissolved into sauce. Adjust seasoning with additional salt and pepper if needed.
Add chicken back in along with any drippings from the platter. Push breasts down into sauce and cook gently for about two minutes.
To serve, top with chopped parsley.


Put all ingredients into a large stock pot, except the noodles, and slowly bring to a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer for four hours, skimming often.
Strain the stock from the solids and discard the onion, parsley, bay leaf and peppercorns but save the chicken, and other vegetables.
Remove skin and debone the chicken. Shred the chicken between your fingers and return the chicken to the pot with the stock.
Return the carrots, celery and garlic to the pot with the stock and bring back to a simmer.
Season finished soup with salt and pepper to taste. Skim off top layer of fat and discard.
Boil water and cook noodles according to package directions however keep noodles separate from soup until you are ready to serve. Store each separately.
Serve the soup over cooked thin egg noodles or noodle of your choice.


In a large sauté pan, cook bacon to just under crisp (still slightly chewy). Drain on paper towels and reserve bacon fat.
Leave two tablespoons of bacon fat in the pan and reserve the remaining fat for later in this recipe.
Heat the pan to medium heat and add peppers and onions and cook over medium for ten minutes. Pour into a bowl and set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Add salt and pepper to flour and place in a pie plate.
Place the two eggs and two tablespoons of milk in a large bowl and whip.
Place bread crumbs in a second pie plate.
After chicken has been pounded, dip in flour, shake off excess, dip in egg then in bread crumbs and hold on a plate or platter.
In the same pan you used to cook the peppers and onions, add remaining bacon fat and top it off with vegetable oil to about one half inch deep. Heat to 350 degrees using a candy thermometer to test.
Line a sheet pan with foil.
Fry two pieces of chicken at a time browning on each side and removing to waiting sheet tray. It is not necessary to cook completely through as it will finish in the oven so cook just to a nice golden brown on both sides.
Mix the 
Next, divide the cooked onion and peppers evenly over the tops of the portions.
Top each with two slices of bacon and then divide the cheese between each portion.
Bake uncovered for 10-15 minutes or until the cheese has fully melted and starting to brown.
Remove from oven and serve with your favorite side.


Pound out the chicken breasts to about ¼ inch thick and cut each breast half in half again so you end up with four servings. Place flour, salt and pepper in a flat dish or plate and dredge the chicken breasts until coated on both sides.
Over medium high heat in a large skillet, heat the olive oil and one tablespoon of butter until slightly brown and frothy. Place the chicken in the pan and cook about 2 minutes on each side, until golden. Then remove the chicken and set aside on a plate.
Reduce the heat under the skillet to medium. Add the garlic and sauté for another minute. Add the lemon juice to the pan to deglaze and scrape up any brown bits. Add the lemon slices, vermouth, chicken stock and capers. Cook for 3-4 minutes until the liquid is reduced by half.
Stir in the two tablespoons of butter and chopped parsley and check for taste. Add salt and pepper if needed.
Add the chicken back into the sauce and cook just until the chicken is back up to temperature and cooked through.
Serve immediately over your favorite pasta.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Pat chicken breasts dry then coat both sides with the salt and pepper.
In a heavy bottomed oven proof pan or Dutch oven with tight fitting lid, heat oil over medium high to smoking hot.
Add chicken pieces skin side down about 3-4 minutes per side (three sides including standing on side). Cook in two batches so the chicken does not crowd the pan. Remove to a platter and hold.
Keep the burner on medium high and add garlic and pepperoni slices. Cook only long enough for the garlic to start to turn brown, about 1-2 minutes.
Immediately add onions and peppers and sauté for three minutes. Add pepperoncini, basil, oregano, pepper flakes, crushed tomato and water. Stir, and add chicken. Spoon sace over breats, cover pot and place in preheated oven and cook untouched for 30 minutes.
While chicken is cooking, plan to have pasta ready when chicken comes out so start the water and place dry pasta in water at about the 15 minute mark.
Remove pan from oven, stir and taste for salt and pepper and season if needed.
Drain pasta.
To serve, top cooked pasta with chicken and sauce and sprinkle chopped parsley over the top. Alternatively, if the breasts are very large (like ours were), remove bone and slice chicken breasts into thick slices before serving.


Put all ingredients into a large stock pot and slowly bring to a boil. Skim foam that floats to the top during this slow heating process and discard.
Reduce heat and simmer for four hours. Skim often.
Strain the stock from the solids and discard the onion, parsley, bay leaf and peppercorns but save the chicken, and other vegetables.
Remove skin and debone the chicken and reserve.
Press the carrots, celery and garlic through a fine strainer into the stock.
Discard and pulp left in the strainer. Cool the stock, remove and discard the fat that floats to the top and use stock for any recipe calling for a good chicken stock.


Butterfly each breast then cut in half to make two even pieces from each breast for a total of four pieces. Then cover each piece with plastic and pound to ¼ inch thick.
In a small dry sauté pan, over medium heat toast the pine nuts until golden brown.
Cool the pine nuts then place in a food processor with ½ cup of the flour and pulse 5 or 6 times to combine. Pour out into a pie plate.
In a second pie plate place the remaining ½ cup of flour with the salt and pepper and combine.
In a third pie plate or bowl, mix egg yolks with the milk.
Take each piece of chicken and first dip in the plate with the flour, salt and pepper. Shake off excess and then dip in the egg mixture. Shake off excess and place in pine nut mixture and press into the mixture on one side only and remove each piece to a plate. One side will be fully breaded and the other just flour and egg.
Place a large sauté pan over medium high heat and add the oil. Once hot, place the chicken pine nut side down and cook for about three minutes until golden brown and flip. Cook on the other side for another three minutes. You may need to do this in two batches.
Leave the pan on medium high and add the chicken stock. Stir any brown bits from the pan and add the mushrooms, garlic and tomatoes.
Stir to combine and add the cream and basil. Simmer this mixture until the mushrooms are cooked and the mixture is reduced by half. Taste and adjust seasoning with additional salt and pepper if needed.
To serve, place a spoonful of the sauce over each cooked chicken piece.


Cut plums in half and remove pit. Cut each half in half.
In a medium bowl, mix sugar, dry ginger, fresh nutmeg and orange juice. Add plums and toss. Pour mixture onto bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
In a medium bowl, mix jarred plum sauce, lemonade concentrate, lemon zest, chili sauce, soy sauce, dry mustard and sesame oil. Set mixture aside.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium high heat and sear chicken pieces on all sides until brown, about 3 or 4 minutes per side. Remove chicken and place in baking dish with plums.
Remove and discard all but one tablespoon of oil left in the pan and reduce heat to medium. Add scallions, garlic and ginger and sauté for one minute. Add plum sauce mixture and cook for about five minutes until thick. Remove from the heat.
Spoon this mixture over the seared chicken pieces.
Place the pan in the oven and bake uncovered for 35-45 minutes until done (depending on how large pieces are).
Place pan under broiler for a few minutes to brown and remove.
Sprinkle sesame seeds over chicken pieces and serve with plums and sauce. Best served over white Jasmine rice.


In a medium bowl, mix yogurt, lemon juice and Vindaloo spices. Start by placing a few pieces of chicken in a gallon zip bag and as you fill the bag, alternate marinade and chicken to make sure each piece gets coated. Seal the bag and squeeze the contents around to make sure all pieces are covered. Refrigerate overnight.
To prepare the tomatoes, place a strainer over a bowl. Cut tomatoes in half the long way and squeeze them over the strainer, fishing out seeds with your fingers. Discard seeds then dice tomatoes and add to the bowl with the juice.
To prepare the nuts, cook over medium heat in a dry fry pan until golden then chop or place in a 425 degree F oven for five minutes, shaking halfway through then chop.
About an hour before serving, melt the butter with the oil in a very large skillet or sauté pan over medium heat. Throughout the cooking, you will never raise the heat higher than medium.
Add the onions and cook for five minutes, or just until they start to brown.
Add garlic, ginger, jalapeno, salt and cinnamon. Cook for five minutes.
Add tomatoes and cook for five minutes.
Add chicken pieces along with all of the marinade, nestling the pieces into the mixture.
If you are serving over rice, start cooking that now.
Mix the tomato paste in the stock and pour over the chicken and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes, turning the chicken over a few times during cooking.
Add cream and simmer ten more minutes, being careful to not let the mixture boil.
Remove from heat and stir in the cilantro.
To serve, place rice on a serving dish, top with pieces of chicken and sauce and finish with chopped cilantro and chopped toasted cashews.


Pour milk into 4-quart sauce pan and heat over medium heat until hot.
Add cheeses, stirring as you go. Heat until mixture is thick.
Add 
Heat to serving temperature and serve with corn chips.
Add a little milk if the mixture becomes too thick. Reheat in the microwave as needed.


Preheat your oven to 375 degrees.
In a standard glass pie plate or the baking dish of your choice, place the cold cream cheese and with the back of a soup spoon, spread evenly to sides.
Top with jack cheese and sliced scallions (white part only)
Spread hot chili over mixture and top with shredded cheddar cheese.
Bake uncovered for 20 minutes. Remove from oven and sprinkle top with diced tomato, cilantro and sliced scallion tops. Serve with nacho chips and be prepared to get another one in the oven because the first one will be gone before you ever get a chance to turn the oven off.


Place vinegar, lemon juice, salt, pepper, garlic, shallots and jalapeno pepper into a small bowl and let sit for ten minutes.
Place parsley and oregano in a food processor and cover with ingredients from the small bowl. Cover and turn on processor.
Slowly add in the olive oil until a pesto-like consistency forms.
Use as a marinade for meats or use as a sauce to serve over cooked meats but never marinate raw meat then use that same marinade to serve over the cooked meat. Always keep separate.


In a large saucepan over high heat, heat 6 cups of water to boiling. Add walnuts and bring back to a boil. Cook for 1 minute. Drain and rinse under running hot water. Drain completely.
Pour drained nuts in a large bowl. Sprinkle with sugar and toss to coat the nuts completely with the sugar.
Meanwhile, in a deep-sided skillet or saucepan, heat about 1 inch of canola oil to 350 degrees. (It’s recommended that you use a 
Once the oil is at 350 degrees, with a slotted spoon (a 
With a slotted spoon, remove nuts from the oil and place into a coarse sieve or colander over a bowl to drain. Sprinkle with salt and keep tossing the walnuts so that they don’t stick together as they cool. Transfer the walnuts to waxed paper to cool completely. Fry the remaining walnuts.
Store cooled nuts in a tightly covered container.


Preheat the oven to 300 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, mix together the oil and sugar until blended. Add in the vanilla and almond extracts and eggs. Mix well.
In a separate bowl, combine the flour, salt and baking powder, mixing well. Gradually add the flour mixture to the wet mixture – mixing until fully blended. Add chocolate chips and almonds and mix until just blended.
Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Divide dough in half and form into two logs (approximately 12x2 inches for small biscotti or 9x3 inches for longer biscotti) on the parchment paper. Note: dough is sticky so wet your hands with cool water to more easily handle the dough.
Bake the logs for 30-35 minutes in the 300 degree oven until logs are a very light brown. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 275 degrees.
After 10 minutes, using a serrated knife, cut the logs on a diagonal into ¾ inch thick slices. Lay the cookies on their sides on the parchment covered cookie sheets and bake for 8 to 10 minutes more. Let cool.


Place all ingredients in a blender and puree for about one minute.
Pour into a glass and enjoy!


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line a deep dish pie plate with the pie crust, set aside.
Combine sugar, corn syrup and butter in a saucepan. Stirring constantly, cook over medium heat until butter melts and sugar completely dissolves. Remove from heat and cool slightly.
In a large bowl, combine egg, bourbon, vanilla and salt. Mix thoroughly. Very slowly pour cooled sugar mixture into egg mixture, whisking constantly so that the heat from the sugar mixture doesn’t cook the egg mixture. Add the chocolate chips and pecans and stir to mix well.
Pour mixture into pie shell. Bake in preheated oven for 50 to 55 minutes or until set and golden on top.
Serve warm or chilled.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray a 13x9-inch baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, stir together the flour, oatmeal, and brown sugar. Add the softened butter to the mixing bowl and mix on medium speed until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Measure out 1½ cups of the crumb mixture and set aside in a separate bowl.
Pour the remaining crumbs into the prepared baking dish and press evenly into the bottom of the dish. Bake for 15 minutes.
While the crust is baking, in the same bowl of the stand mixer, cream the softened cream cheese and sugar together on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs, lemon juice and vanilla extract and mix well.
When the crust is done baking, remove from the oven and pour the cream cheese mixture evenly over the crust. Sprinkle the chocolate chips and caramel bits evenly over the cream cheese mixture, then finish by sprinkling the reserved oatmeal crumbs over the top of the chocolate chips and caramel bits.
Bake for 30-35 or until completely set in the middle of the pan and very lightly golden brown.
Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely on a wire rack. Cover and refrigerate the baking dish for at least 3 hours so that the bars can firm up.
Once chilled, cut into bars and serve.


Start by lining a 9x9-inch or 8x8-inch square pan with a sheet of parchment paper, making sure that the edges of the paper are large enough to extend up the sides of the pan. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat together the softened butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add vanilla and mix until well combined.
With the mixer on a low speed, alternate adding in the flour and the sweetened condensed milk until all of it has been added and the mixture is completely blended. Fold in the mini chocolate chips by hand until evenly blended.
Press the cookie dough into the prepared pan and press down to spread the dough evenly to the edges. (I found it helpful to put a piece of plastic wrap over the dough while I pressed down.)
Cover the cookie dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm – at least 3 hours or overnight.
The next day, prepare the ganache at least a few hours before serving. In microwave safe bowl, combine the chocolate chips and cream. Heat on high for one minute and stir the chocolate chips and cream together. Continue heating in 30 second increments and stirring after each until the chocolate chips are fully melted and combined with the cream.
Pour the ganache over the cookie dough bars, spreading evenly to the edges of the bars. Chill the bars for a least one hour or until the ganache is set.
When ready to serve, carefully pull up on the edges of the parchment paper and remove the chilled cookie dough from the pan. Using a long knife, cut the dough into bite-sized bars and serve.


Whisk together flour and baking powder in a medium sized bowl.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter until creamy. Add sugar and beat 3 minutes on high until pale and fluffy.
Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition.
Slowly add the flour and baking powder mixture into the egg mixture, blending well.
Then add yogurt, again mixing until blended. Fold in chocolate chips until blended throughout the dough.
Refrigerate for at least 45 minutes. (This recipe may be made in advance and refrigerated overnight.)
When ready to bake, preheat oven to 350 degrees. Filling a ⅓ cup measuring cup, make scones and form into round balls. Place on ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes. Then turn the oven down to 325 degrees and bake for 10-13 minutes more until lightly golden.


Cover a large cookie sheet with a 
Spread the cookie and pretzel pieces evenly onto the mat or wax paper.
Melt the white chocolate – either in the microwave* or over a double boiler – until smooth and fully melted. (*Anytime you melt chocolate in the microwave, it’s best to heat the chocolate in 30-second time increments, then stop to stir the chocolate before heating it more. Chocolate melts very quickly in the microwave and it can easily burn!)
Drizzle the melted chocolate over the cookie-pretzel mixture, making sure it evenly coats the cookie and pretzel pieces. If necessary, use a spatula to evenly spread the melted chocolate.
While the chocolate is still wet, sprinkle the candy pieces and sprinkles evenly over the chocolate, pushing the candy down a bit if necessary to make sure that it is embedded in the melted chocolate.
Let cool until the chocolate firms up. Peel the bark from the Silpat mat or wax paper and break into small pieces.
Store in an air tight container.


Melt chocolate morsels in a heat proof bowl over hot simmering water. Remove from heat and stir in the ¼ cup of malted powder. Set aside.
In a medium bowl sift flour, baking powder and cocoa powder. Set aside.
In a larger bowl, mix both sugars, eggs, melted butter, melted shortening and sour cream until well blended.
With a wooden spoon, stir in dry mix.
If chocolate mixture is stiff, place back over hot water to soften, but not hot, then stir into the bowl with other ingredients along with the pine nuts. Tightly wrap in plastic or a bowl and refrigerate for two hours to firm up. Can be made ahead and stored refrigerated overnight.
When ready to bake, preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
In a small bowl place granulated sugar, malt powder and ground pine nuts.
In another small bowl place confectioner’s sugar.
Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper. (Must use cookie sheets so baked cookies can slide off end of pan to cool still attached to the parchment paper).
Divide the cookie dough into 24 portions using an ice cream scoop. You will need a bowl of water to keep lubricating scoop. Each cookie will be about 1 ¼ ounces each.
Roll each portion into a ball and first roll in the sugar and malt mixture and then in the confectioners sugar.
Place 12 per pan evenly spaced evenly but leave in the ball shape to bake.Place in oven.
Baking time will be between 12 and 14 minutes. At 12 minutes they will cool to a chewy cookie. At 14 minutes they will bake up to a cake-like texture. We baked ours for 13 minutes so that once cooled, the centers were a little chewy.
Note that they will be very soft when they come out of the oven and need to cool before they can be handled. When they first come out of the oven, slide the parchment paper off the pan with the cookies attached and onto a cooling rack. Cool for at least 15 minutes before removing from the parchment paper. As they cool, they will set up with a crinkly top.


Prep your ice cream maker to make ice cream per manufacturer’s instructions.
In a heavy bottomed saucepan heat the milk, heavy cream, sugar and chocolate Ovaltine (or other chocolate malted milk powder), stirring often until the sugar and chocolate Ovaltine are completely dissolved and the mixture is hot, but not boiling.
In medium sized mixing bowl, whisk the eggs yolks. Then, while continuing to whisk, temper the eggs by slowly pouring a small amount of the hot cream mixture into the egg yolks. (When you temper the eggs like this, you will prevent the eggs from cooking as you add them to the hot cream mixture.) Keep whisking and adding more of the hot mixture until there is about a cup of the hot cream mixture in with the egg yolks.
When the egg mixture is smooth, slowly add it to the remainder of the hot cream mixture in the saucepan, whisking constantly.
Cook over medium heat for 3-4 minutes, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens a bit and it coats the back of a spoon. (Be careful not to let the mixture boil or get too hot, otherwise the mixture will curdle.)
Remove from the heat and pour the mixture through a fine strainer that has been placed over a large bowl. (Discard any egg solids that are left behind in the strainer.)
Cover the cream mixture with a piece of plastic wrap – placing the plastic directly against the mixture so that a skin will not form. Let chill overnight or for at least 4-6 hours until completely chilled.
When you are ready to churn your ice cream – refer to your ice cream maker manufacturer’s instructions.
While the ice cream is churning, cut each Whopper (or other chocolate malted milk ball) in half.
When the ice cream is almost done churning, add the Whopper candy halves into the ice cream and churn until the candy is completely dispersed throughout the ice cream.
Let churned ice cream chill for at least another 4-6 hours before serving.


Place a large mixing bowl and beaters in the refrigerator to chill.
To prepare the mousse, combine ¼ cup of whipping cream with the milk chocolate and bittersweet chocolate in a small saucepan and melt over low heat until smooth, stirring constantly. Add in the malted milk powder, liqueur, and vanilla and stir to combine. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.
While the chocolate mixture is cooling, place the 2 ounces of malted milk balls into a zipper seal bag and crush with a rolling pin until you have fine crumbs. Set aside.
Using the chilled mixing bowl and beaters, beat 1¾ cups of whipping cream until stiff peaks form. Stir approximately ½ cup of the whipped cream into the room temperature melted chocolate mixture and stir to just combine. Then fold the crushed malted milk balls and melted chocolate mixture into the remaining whipped cream, and mix to just combine.
Spoon the mousse into 6-8 individual serving bowls or dishes. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour (or overnight.)
When ready to serve, in medium chilled bowl, beat remaining 1 cup of whipping cream, sugar and cocoa powder until soft peaks form. Spoon over the chilled chocolate mousse. Top with malted milk balls (we cut the milk balls in half before using as garnish on the mousse.)


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Lay out 12 wafers.
Place one and a half Andes mints on each one. This should almost cover the surface.
Place them on a cookie sheet and place in the oven for about 60-90 seconds. (just enough to soften the Andes mints.
Very gently, place another wafer over the chocolate but do not press down.
Leave these untouched on your counter until the chocolate hardens, about 20-30 minutes.
While the wafers are setting up, place a small sauce pan of water on to boil.
Remove from the heat and cover with a bowl wider than the sauce pan top. Add the Baker’s chocolate, shortening and extract and stir with a small spoon until melted.
Once the wafers can be handled, dip top and sides in the chocolate and place on a rack.
After all 12 are covered with chocolate, immediately sprinkle with the jimmies.
Once the chocolate is almost set, remove from the rack to a parchment lined pan to set further, otherwise the wafers will stick to the rack.
Store in a cool location before serving.


Place the bowl of a stand mixer and the whisk attachment in the refrigerator until chilled. Remove the bowl and attach to your mixer and whip together heavy cream and vanilla until soft peaks form. Do not sweeten the cream.
In another bowl, microwave the Nutella on high for 20-30 seconds (depending on the strength of your microwave) then remove from the microwave and stir. You want the Nutella to be soft and runny enough to drizzle (like the consistency of hot fudge sauce) but not so hot that it is melted.
On a plate or cake pedestal, place one chocolate wafer in the center and then surround it with 6 additional wafers so you have a circle of cookies plus one in the middle. Cover the wafer layer with a ½ cup scoop of whipped cream. Using an offset spatula or the back of a large spoon, spread the whipped cream evenly to cover the wafers. Drizzle a heaping tablespoon of Nutella over the layer of whipped cream and using your offset spatula or spoon, gently blend the Nutella into the whipped cream. Sprinkle with a small layer of toffee bits.
Repeat the layers of chocolate wafers, whipped cream, Nutella and toffee bits until you have 9-10 layers, ending with a layer of whipped cream.
Garnish with a sprinkle of toffee bits and a dollop of Nutella in the center.
Refrigerate for at least 5 hours or overnight. When ready to serve, slice and serve immediately. Note: Cake may also be placed in the freezer for a more ice cream-like consistency and to make the slicing a little easier.


Line a muffin tin (use either a 
To prepare the crusts, blend graham cracker crumbs, 4 tablespoons sugar, brown sugar and melted butter in a bowl until fully combined. Divide mixture evenly among the muffin tins and using a small glass, your fingers or 
Whip the 1½ cups heavy cream until it holds stiff peaks. Set aside in the refrigerator while preparing the rest of the filling.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Add sugar and mix until blended. Add peanut butter and vanilla, mixing well. (Scrape the sides of the bowl as needed to ensure that the ingredients are fully blended.)
Fold whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture, blending well. Using a large pastry bag fitted with a large open tip, pipe the filling into the prepared muffin cups – evenly dividing the filling among the tins. Place the filled muffin tin back into the freezer for 30 minutes or until firm.
To prepare the ganache topping, in a small saucepan with a lid, slowly bring the remaining ½ cup of heavy cream to a boil (being careful not to scald the cream). Turn off the heat and add chocolate chips, pushing the chips into the cream until almost completely covered. Place the lid on the sauce pan and let sit on the stove.
After 10 minutes, stir until the chocolate chips are melted and fully blended into the cream. Cool the ganache to room temperature, then spoon a dollop of the ganache over each cupcake. Place in freezer for another 30 minutes to firm up the ganache.
Note: If serving these cheesecakes more than ½ an hour after final preparation, store in the freezer. Thaw for 5-10 minutes before serving. Re-freeze any leftovers for best results.


Let butter and eggs stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, line cupcake pan with paper cups (or grease and flour silicone baking cups). In small Mixing Bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. In a large mixing bowl, beat butter with an electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds. Gradually add sugar ½ cup at a time, beating on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Beat in melted chocolate and vanilla extract. Alternate adding flour mixture and water to butter mixture, beating on low speed after each addition until combined.
Spoon batter into prepared baking cups, filling each cup half to two-thirds full. Use the back of a spoon to smooth out batter.
Bake 18 to 22 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in centers comes out clean. Cool cupcakes on wire rack.
Using a small spoon or an apple corer, scoop out about 1 inch from the center of each cupcake, leaving a ½-inch rim around the edge. Spoon or pipe 1 tablespoon of prepared Peanut Butter Filling (see instructions below) into the center of each cupcake. Cover and chill until serving time.
Just before serving, pipe Chocolate Butter Cream Frosting (see instructions below) over the top of each cupcake. Dust cupcakes with powdered sugar.
In a mixing bowl, beat peanut butter and powdered sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Gradually add water (we added approximately 4 tablespoons) while mixing until it reaches a smooth consistency that sticks to the back of a spoon when turned upside down. Set aside or place inside a plastic pastry bag.
Allow butter to stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Sift together powdered sugar and cocoa powder. Set aside.
In the mixing bowl, beat butter with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Gradually add 1 cup of powdered sugar/cocoa powder mixture and unsweetened chocolate beating well. Beat in milk and vanilla. Slowly beat in additional sugar/cocoa powder mixture. Beat in up to ¼ cup additional milk until frosting reaches a piping or spreading consistency.
Spoon into a large plastic pastry bag fitted with star tip.


To prepare the crust, blend graham cracker crumbs, 4 tablespoons sugar, brown sugar and melted butter in a bowl until fully combined. Press mixture into a 9" deep dish pie plate, covering bottom completely and pushing the crumbs about 1-2 inches up the side of the pie plate. Put the pie crust into the freezer while preparing the filling.
Whip the 1½ cups heavy cream until it holds peaks. Set aside in refrigerator while preparing the rest of the filling.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Add sugar and mix until blended. Add peanut butter and vanilla, mixing well. (Scrape the sides of the bowl as needed to ensure that the ingredients are fully blended.)
Fold whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture, blending well. Pour filling into the prepared pie crust. Place filled pie into the freezer.
To prepare the ganache, in a small saucepan (use one with a lid), slowly bring the remaining ½ cup of heavy cream to a boil (be careful not to scald the cream). Turn off the heat and add chocolate chips, pushing the chips into the cream until almost completely covered. Put the lid on the pan and let sit on the stove.
After 10 minutes, stir until the chocolate chips are melted and fully blended into the cream. Cool to room temperature, then pour sauce over pie. Place in freezer for 30 minutes before serving.
Note: If serving pie more than ½ an hour after final preparation, store in the freezer. Thaw for 20 minutes before serving for a frozen, ice cream-like consistency. (If you are having difficulty cleanly removing the pie crust from your pie plate, submerge the very bottom of the dish in some hot tap water - about ½ inch water in your kitchen sink - to loosen the crust being careful not to get water in the pie itself.) Or thaw for longer in the refrigerator for a gooey, soft pie.


Combine ice cream and milk in a blender, and blend until smooth.
Holding a glass sideways, drizzle chocolate syrup into the glass, rotating the glass so you get a swirl pattern around the glass.
Pour milk shake into the glass.
Garnish with whipped cream, chocolate sprinkles and crushed peppermint candies, if desired


Brush the bottom and sides of a 
In a small dry skillet, lightly toast the pecans over low heat. Let cool, then using a 
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Please butter and chocolate pieces in a heavy-bottomed saucepan and melt over medium heat, stirring and being careful not to brown the butter or scorch the edges of the melting ingredients. Remove pan from the heat and stir in the cocoa powder. Set aside to cool.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the eggs just until they are broken up. Add the sugar and beat at medium speed for 5 minutes or until the mixture triples in volume. Remove the bowl from the stand mixer.
With a wooden spoon, fold the cooled chocolate mixture into the egg mixture, and then do the same for the pecans and bourbon – stirring just until all of the ingredients are evenly mixed. Pour the batter into the prepared springform pan.
Place the springform pan inside a baking pan that is large enough to hold the pan and also large enough to allow for water to surround the springform pan. Then, carefully add about an inch of very hot water to the baking pan so it surrounds the pan, being careful not to splash any water into the prepared pan with the torte mixture. (You want to add enough water to the pan to ensure that the water does not fully evaporate during the baking process.)
Bake the torte for 40-45 minutes or until it is just set in the middle. (The top will crack when it settles if you over bake the torte.) Carefully remove the springform from the pan of hot water, and place the pan on a rack to cool to room temperature. Once cooled, leave the torte in the pan, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for several hours or overnight.
To serve, remove the sides of the springform pan. Slice into 12 thin wedges. Serve with whipped cream and strawberries.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan with the shortening. Set aside.
In a very large mixing bowl, with a wooden spoon, stir together flour, sugar, eggs, baking soda, pineapple and juices, walnuts and coconut. (Do not use an electric mixer.) Stir until completely combined.
Pour batter into the prepared baking pan, then bake for 30-35 minutes until golden brown on top.
Remove baking pan from the oven and place on a wire rack to cool.
While the cake is cooling, mix softened cream cheese and butter together with a mixer until well blended.
Gradually add confectioner’s sugar, milk and vanilla mixing until well blended.
Using an 
Cool cake completely, then refrigerate until you are ready to serve. Store any leftovers in the refrigerator.


Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and cool.
In a medium bowl mix mayonnaise, sour cream, white sugar, vinegar, Dijon mustard, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco, dry mustard, and celery salt.
In a large bowl, start layering ingredients in the following order; Lettuce, pasta, green peppers, red peppers, frozen peas, chopped celery, red onion, ham, black olives, dressing and Parmesan cheese.
Cover and let sit overnight or at least 12 hours. When ready to serve, toss all ingredients and serve.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until light and creamy, about one minute.
Add egg yolks one at a time with mixer running on low.
Add vanilla and salt and mix to combine.
Add corn meal and flour slowly while mixer is running and mix to combine.
Pour out onto a floured board or counter and knead for one minute by hand.
Place a sheet of waxed or parchment paper on the counter (standard sixe 12X16 ½).
Place the dough on the paper and flatten as much as you can to match the size of the paper. Cover with a second sheet of parchment or wax paper and with a rolling pin, roll out to the size and shape of the paper (12X16 ½).
Remove top sheet and cover the rolled out dough with the pine nuts. Place the top sheet back on and press with your hands or the rolling pin so the pine nuts are pushed into the dough.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Using Christmas cookie cutters, cut out shapes and place on parchment lined cookie sheets and bake for 15-16 minutes until lightly browned. Do not over bake and bake one pan at a time.
The remaining dough can be re-rolled and cut again into shapes with the pine nuts already embedded in the dough.
Cool on racks and enjoy.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper, very lightly spray parchment with non-stick cooking spray. Set aside.
In a small bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir to combine with a whisk. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream together butter and both sugars until well combined. Add egg and beat until light and fluffy. Stir in the vanilla extract.
Add flour mixture to the butter mixture and mix to thoroughly combine. Fold in oats, corn flakes, coconut and pecans, mixing until evenly distributed throughout the batter.
Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Place balls approximately 2 inches apart on prepared cookie sheets.
Bake for 10-12 minutes or until cookies are very lightly golden brown. Cool cookies on wire rack.


In a food processor, pulse the strawberries and cranberries – you can process them to a finely chopped texture for a completely smooth jam, or leave some fruit partially chopped for a chunkier jam.
Pour the processed fruit into a large heavy-bottomed pot. Add sugar and over medium high heat, bring the fruit and sugar mixture to a full rolling boil.
Boil for 1 minute.
Remove the pot from the heat and add the pectin, stirring to mix completely.
Allow the jam to cool for 5 minutes, then skim off the foam on the top.
Ladle the hot jam mixture into sterile half-pint jars, leaving ¼-inch headspace. Wipe jar rims clean, cover with hot lids and screw on the jar bands.
Process the jars for 10 minutes in a water bath. (Read more 
Makes about 14 half-pint jars. Recipe may be halved.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place rack in top one third of oven.
In a food processor, pulse each nut one at a time until pea sized and place in a large bowl.
Pulse the four fruits one at a time to same size and add to nuts in bowl.
Add ½ cup of the flour to the fruit and nuts and toss and mix until combined. Set aside.
In a separate bowl, mix butter and brown sugar until creamed. (I used a stand mixer with a paddle attachment but this could be done by hand)
Add the egg and combine.
Add remaining flour, cinnamon, baking soda and vanilla and combine.
Pour this mixture over the fruit and nuts and combine by hand.
Line four cookie sheets with parchment paper and lightly spray with non stick pan spray.
Divide mixture into 48 one ounce drops using a small scoop placing 12 per pan.
Bake two pans at a time in top third of oven for 20 minutes but watch that bottoms don’t get too browned. Rotate pans after ten minutes.
Remove to a rack to cool.
Seal and an airtight container.


If you purchased a roast that has not been Frenched or butterflied, follow these simple steps. First, separate the bone that runs along the bottom called the chine bone. (This is the bone across the bottom that holds each chop together.) Save that bone for the stock. Next remove the smaller end of the roast by running the knife down between two bones so you are left with one large roast with four bones and the rest that you removed.
On the small piece of roast you removed, the bones and some of the meat will be used for stock. The remaining meat can be frozen for another meal and would make a great boneless pork chop dinner.
Run a sharp knife down and around to each bone tip of the larger piece and remove the meat. Set aside for the stock. Then take a sharp paring knife and scrape each bone in a downward motion down to the loin. Remove those pieces also for stock.
With a very sharp long knife, start running the knife flat between the bones and the loin, and go to within an inch of the bottom. Flatten this out by pulling the meat flap one way and the bones the other. Now run the knife again into the fat meat of the loin starting from the bone side and going to within an inch of the end and fold this open. The roast should now be butterflied. Set this aside while you work on the stock and the stuffing. We will get back to this.
Place the cider in a small sauce pan and bring to a boil. Then reduce to two tablespoons. Set aside.
With a mortar and pestle or in a small food processor, place salt, pepper, rosemary, sage and garlic. Grind or mash into a fine paste. Stir in mustard and set aside.
To make the stock, in a 3½ quart sauce pan, place bones and meat scraps, canned stock, onions, celery, carrots, garlic, parsley, sage leaf, salt, pepper and bay leaf. Cover with water to within an inch of the top and bring to a boil. Reduce to a fast simmer and cook 1½ hours while you prepare the remaining recipe. You should finish with 1½ to 2 cups of reduced stock after discarding solids. Place the liquid back into the pan and add the gravy color and heat back to hot.
In a small sauté pan, melt butter over medium heat and add flour. Stir and cook for four minutes then remove from heat and cool slightly. Add a little at a time to the stock to form gravy. Once at the desired thickness stir and remove from heat. You may or may not use all of the butter and flour mixture. Set aside.
Make the stuffing by melting the butter in a 3 quart skillet and add celery and onion. Sauté for three minutes then add garlic and apple and sauté for one more minute.
Add vermouth or white wine and deglaze.
Add cider, stock, parsley, sage, rosemary, salt and pepper and combine.
Add bread cubes and stir to combine.
Remove from heat and cool to room temperature. Then stir in egg and apple sauce.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Place the stuffing into the open cavity of the butterflied pork roast and fold up the meat side to the top. Using butcher’s twine, place a section of string between each rib and on each end, tying in the center.
Heat an ovenproof 10½ inch heavy bottomed sauté pan over medium high. Add the two tablespoons of olive oil. Pat the roast dry and once the oil is shimmering, place one side down to sear for about two minutes per side (three sides). If any filling falls out, just pat it back in with the back of a wooden spoon.
Once the pork has been seared, slather the mustard-garlic-spice mixture all over the roast.
Place a probe thermometer into the thickest part of the roast and set the temperature for 145 degrees F. Drizzle the reduced cider across the top.
Place in the oven and roast for approximately one hour or until it reaches the desired temperature. If getting too brown, tent with foil for last 15 minutes of roasting time.
Remove from pan onto a platter and tent and let rest for 15 minutes.
Place a little water into the pan and heat over medium heat and scrape up any brown bits. Then strain that into the gravy.
Heat the gravy back to serving temperature.
To serve, slice the roast into four or five thick slices running the knife along each bone. The stuffing should be bursting from the ends but solid enough throughout to get stuffing with each slice.
Place a portion on each plate and top with the heated gravy.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.
In a large bowl, cream together butter and sugar. Add eggs and vanilla extract and mix well.
In a separate bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. Gradually add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, beating until smooth.
Fold in 1 cup of the cinnamon chips and all of the walnuts (use a spoon), mixing until the chips and walnuts are incorporated throughout the dough.
Form the dough into a ball, then cut into 4 equal quarters. Shape each quarter into a flattened log approximately 8 inches long and 1½ inches wide. Place on parchment covered cookie sheet, leaving about 2 inches in between each log.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until firm and a toothpick inserted into the center of each log comes out clean. Remove cookie sheet from the oven and allow to cool for 30 minutes.
Once the logs have cooled for 30 minutes, use a large spatula and carefully transfer the logs to a cutting board. Line the cookie sheet with clean parchment paper.
Cut each log diagonally into ½-inch wide slices. Place the slices cut down on the parchment lined cookie sheet (OK if they are close together). Bake for 5-6 minutes, then turn each slice and bake for another 5-8 minutes or until the slices are lightly golden and crisp.
Remove from the oven and place biscotti on a wire rack to cool while you mix up the drizzle.
In a small, microwave-safe bowl, melt remaining cinnamon chips with 2 teaspoons shortening at medium (50%) temperature for 30 – 45 seconds or until smooth when stirred. (Be careful not to overheat.) Allow to cool slightly, then pour into a piping bag fitted with a small circle tip (or use a small zipper seal bag with the corner cut off.) Drizzle over the biscotti.
As the cinnamon drizzle cools, repeat the process with the white chocolate chips (or candy melts) and the remaining 1 teaspoon of shortening.
Allow the drizzle to cool and dry before serving.


You will need two 9X5 non-stick loaf pans. Spray each with non-stick pan spray and line the inside with cut pieces of parchment paper so the paper sticks out of the pans on the long sides. These will act as handles to remove the bread once baked.
Make the Biga pre-fermentation the day before by combining the flour, yeast and water. Mix by hand or with a stand mixer with a dough hook to form a dough that sticks a little to the bottom while mixing. Add more water or flour to achieve that consistency. Place in an oiled covered bowl and set in a warm place for an hour or two until doubled in size. Punch down, cover and place in the refrigerator overnight.
Four to five hours before serving, remove Biga from the refrigerator and cut into golf ball sized pieces and lay out on your counter. Cover with plastic and a towel and let come up to room temperature for 45 minutes.
While Biga is coming to room temperature, measure out all of your ingredients and prepare milk and butter by combining in a microwave safe bowl and microwaving until hot and the butter has melted. Set aside to cool to room temperature.
In a small bowl, combine warm water and yeast.
In a medium bowl, combine eggs, egg yolks, sugar and salt. Using an electric mixer or by hand whip for about three minutes or until the mixture turns pale.
To the egg mixture, add nutmeg, both extracts, both zests and orange liquor and stir to combine.
Place 5 cups of flour on your counter and make a large well in the center or in a stand mixer.
Mix and stir as you go and add each of the three bowls a little at a time starting with warm yeast and water, then cooled milk and butter and finally eggs and sugar mixture, pulling the sides into the center over and over to form a dough or beat with a dough hook in your stand mixer.
Add the pieces of Biga to the dough working them in as you press and turn or with stand mixer. Use remaining ½ cup of flour if needed to make somewhat of a sticky but manageable dough.
The dough will be at the top of a five quart mixer and will need to be kneaded by hand at this point. This process will take a good five minutes working the dough to knead and blend together. Pour the dough onto a floured surface. Pull the back of the dough to the front and press with the heel of your palm over and over working the dough for five minutes. This step is necessary.
Oil a large bowl and place the dough ball in and swirl to coat all sides with oil.
Cover with plastic and a towel and place in a warm place for at least two hours or until doubled in size.
In a medium bowl place both raisins, currants and rum, cover and microwave one minute on high. Add butter, cinnamon, sugar and salt and stir into warm raisin mixture. Once butter has melted in, place entire contents in a food processor and pure for about 30 seconds to form a spreadable paste. Reserve ¼ cup of this mixture and set the rest aside.
Once the dough has doubled in size, generously flour your counter and pour out the dough. Cut into two equal pieces.
One at a time, roll out each piece of dough to 12 inches by 24 inches.
Take half of the remaining raisin mixture and with an offset spatula, spread to within an inch of the edge of the first rolled out dough. Sprinkle the top with half the nuts.
Roll the long edge tightly to the other long edge so you have one 24 inch long tight roll. Cut this in half so you have two 12 inch rolls.
Take half of the reserved ¼ cup of the raisin filling and smear it over the top of one of the rolls. Take the other roll and place it over the first in an X shape.
Now twist each end around each other so you have a striped twisted roll. Cut off and discard about an inch or so of each end. Lift the twisted roll and place in prepared pan pressing it in to fit.
Repeat this procedure for the other loaf.
Cover with plastic and a dish towel and let proof for 90 minutes or until almost doubled in size.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Beat the egg with the water and brush the tops of each loaf, trying not to let the egg wash leak down the sides.
Place in the center of the oven and bake for 30-40 minutes or until golden brown and when tapped, sounds hollow. Half way through baking, rotate pans so that they brown evenly. Ours took 38 minutes total.
Cool for a few minutes on a rack then pull out of the pan lifting out with the paper. Place on rack while you make glaze.
Place butter and milk in a sauce pan and heat and whip. Once butter melts, add the remaining glaze ingredients whipping as you go.
Spoon warm glaze over warm bread letting glaze drizzle down the sides. Cool to room temperature.
Once cool, bread should be tightly wrapped. Can be frozen if baking ahead.


To prepare the bread pudding, cut the cinnamon rolls into large cubes and place in a large bowl.
Pour in one quart of milk and press into rolls so they absorb all of the liquid.
In a separate bowl, beat eggs, egg yolk, cream, sugar, vanilla, allspice, nutmeg and the additional cup of milk.
Add egg mixture into cinnamon roll mixture and stir gently. (Try not to break up the rolls too much as you stir.)
Coat the bottom and sides of a 13x9 inch glass baking dish with melted butter and pour in the egg and cinnamon roll mixture.
Bake for 45 minutes at 375 degrees, then 15 minutes at 325 degrees or until set. (A tooth pick inserted should come out clean.)
While pudding is baking, start bourbon sauce by melting butter in a medium sauce pan.
Beat sugar, egg and cream in a separate bowl and slowly add to melted butter. Stir to combine and cook over very low heat until thickened, about ten minutes. Important: Keep heat low or mixture will break.
Add in bourbon, vanilla and nutmeg and remove from the heat. Stir to combine and let cool. If sauce starts to separate, whip briskly as it cools until the sauce is stable.
Pour bourbon sauce over individual portions of bread pudding and serve.


The night before preparing the rolls, soak raisins in bourbon in your refrigerator. Or if you are in a rush, microwave raisins and bourbon for two minutes and let sit at room temperature for one hour.
In a stand mixer, sift in half of the flour and pour in the yeast packet. Attach paddle.
In a small sauce pan, heat milk, butter, olive oil, sugar and salt until just warm and butter is melted. Add this one third at a time to the flour mixture beating on low speed until all of the liquid is in.
Add the eggs one at a time while continuing to beat on low speed.
Scrape the sides and beat on a higher speed for 3 minutes.
Pull out paddle and replace with dough hook. On low speed, add remaining flour a little at a time until a soft dough has formed. (Note: You may not use all of the remaining flour. The dough should not be sticky but be smooth and elastic.)
Place the dough in a large greased bowl, turn and cover with plastic and a towel. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in size. (1-2 hours)
Punch the dough down and let rest 10 minutes.
In a medium bowl, mix brown sugar, flour and cinnamon. Pour in the melted butter and stir to combine.
Roll the dough out to approximately a 14x22-inch rectangle.
Spread the sugar and butter mixture over the dough with an off-set spatula leaving ½ inch along one of the long sides free. Sprinkle on the soaked raisins and discard any soaking liquid left.
With a pastry brush, brush a little water on the ½ inch of dough that was left dry and begin loosely rolling the opposite side towards the edge you just wet, ending with seam side down.
With a knife cut the dough in half and in half again. Then cut each piece into thirds so you end up with twelve pieces.
Arrange cut side up in a greased 13x9-inch glass baking dish.
Spray the top of rolls with pan spray and place a sheet of plastic wrap over the top. Let rest for about one hour in a warm place until doubled in size.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Remove plastic and bake for 20-25 minutes until browned. Cool for five minutes.
Mix powdered sugar and enough milk to form a thick consistency (add milk a teaspoon at a time to get desired thickness). Spread over slightly warm rolls and serve.


Peel the shrimp and place shrimp in refrigerator. Do not discard shells.
In a medium sauté pan, heat the one tablespoon of oil and add shrimp shells and sauté for two minutes on medium high. Add water and boil. Continue boiling to reduce the liquid to ¼ cup, crushing shells with the back of a wooden spoon as they cook. Discard shells and reserve liquid for later in this recipe.
In a 5-6 quart heavy bottomed pot such as a Dutch oven, heat the ⅓ cup of oil over medium high and add the onions, scallions, green pepper and garlic and sauté for about ten minutes, reducing temperature if needed. The vegetables should be soft and slightly browned.
Add the tomato paste and stir to incorporate.
Add the diced tomatoes and stir again. Bring temperature up until it starts to bubble.
Add the parsley, oregano, tarragon, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper. Simmer five minutes.
Add the red wine and the reserved shrimp stock and simmer ten minutes covered.
Add the shrimp, haddock, crabmeat and the juice from the canned clams, but not the clams.
Cover and simmer 15 minutes.
Try not to break up the fish if you stir the mixture at any point.
Uncover, add the clams and simmer 15 more minutes.
Serve in bowls with crusty Italian bread.


In a 
Add the rice and orange zest and cook for one minute.
Reserve one cup of stock and pour the rest into the pot. Mixture will bubble.
Bring to a boil, lower heat to low, cover and cook covered for just ten minutes.
While rice is cooking, whip the two eggs until frothy and add to the cup of reserved stock.
Then add the juice from the orange, lemon and lime and stir. Set this aside.
After ten minutes, remove lid and add the cooked chicken, green peas and cilantro and heat to hot, almost boiling.
Remove from heat and ladle out a few cups of hot broth into the egg and juice mixture to temper it. Then slowly add this mixture back into the hot soup, stirring while you add.
Heat the soup just until serving temperature and remove from heat.
Add optional hot sauce if desired.
Serve with chopped cilantro and scallion tops.


Place chicken and all ingredients into a zip lock bag and marinate at room temp for 30 minutes to one hour.
Heat grill to high on one side and low on the other.
Discard marinade and pat chicken dry.
Brush chicken with oil and place on hot side and leave on for a few minutes to sear. Flip and repeat then move to cool side and close cover.
Cook for five to ten minutes or so depending on how thick the meat is.
Do the poke test. Push on thickest part, if it bounces back it is probably done or close to done. If your finger leaves an impression, it is still uncooked. If you have to, pull one off and cut into thickest part of one piece to check.
Let rest for five minutes and serve.


Heat oven to 250 degrees.
Note: We highly recommend that you use fresh wings from your local market and not frozen, bagged wings. Frozen wings tend to have more water in them which will result in soggy-skinned wings!
Cut off tips of the chicken wings. (Discard or freeze for later use in a chicken stock). Cut wings at the joint. Lay wing pieces out between two layers of paper towels and press to dry on all sides. (Dry the wings as much as possible.)
In a heavy bottomed pan or Dutch oven on your cooktop, heat enough oil so that the chicken will be completely submerged when frying. Heat the oil to 400 degrees (measure temperature using a candy-thermometer to ensure correct temperature is reached).
While oil is heating, prepare sauce. Place Frank’s hot sauce, melted butter, cumin and cayenne in a large bowl and whip together.
Once oil is up to temperature, work in three or four batches and gently place chicken in hot oil. Fry for 8-10 minutes or until done and crisp (they will begin to float to top of oil). As each batch comes out, toss in buffalo sauce then remove to a sheet pan and hold in the warm oven until each batch is done. Make sure you let the oil come back to 400 between batches.
Once the chicken is cooked, place all of the chicken back into the remaining sauce and toss or mix to coat.
Serve with 
Additional notes: There are three degrees of heat in this recipe. When making the sauce, if you add all of the BBQ sauce, the wings will be sweet and mild. If you add half the amount, the wings will be medium. If you do not add any BBQ sauce at all, the wings will be hot and spicy.)


To prepare the crust, combine graham cracker crumbs and 3 tablespoons sugar in a bowl. Stir in the 6 tablespoons melted butter until thoroughly combined. Pour mixture into bottom of a 10-inch round springform pan and press firmly to the bottom and approximately ½ inch up the sides. Chill in refrigerator while you prepare the filling.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Put a large pot of water on to boil - this will be used for the water bath.
To prepare the cheesecake filling, mix the sour cream, ricotta, and softened cream cheese together in a large bowl, combining well. Then add the remaining ingredients one by one in the order listed above – mixing well after each addition – sugar, eggs, flour, cornstarch, melted butter, vanilla, and lemon juice. Once mixed, pour into prepared springform pan with graham cracker crust.
Wrap the bottom of the pan in a large single sheet of aluminum foil making sure that the sides of the pan are fully covered by the foil. This is done to prevent the 
Bake in a 325 degree oven for one hour. After an hour, turn off the oven heat and leave the cheesecake in the oven for two additional hours without opening the door of the oven. After the two hours are up, remove from the oven and the water bath and let cool.
Refrigerate uncovered overnight or for at least 4 hours before serving. To remove from the pan, wet a large knife with warm water and run the knife blade around the edge of the cheesecake before loosening the outer ring of the springform pan. (If necessary, clean and rewet the knife as you go around the cheesecake to ensure a clean edge.) Serve with fresh strawberries or other topping of your choice.


Fill a medium pot with three to four quarts of water and bring to a boil.
Add white vinegar. Gently place each egg one at a time into the pot with a long-handled slotted spoon, resting them on the bottom of the boiling water. (This will help avoid cracking the eggs.)
Bring back to a full boil and cook for 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and let eggs sit in the hot water for 13 minutes.
Drain all the water and then shake the pot with the eggs still inside to break the shells. Under running warm water, peel off shells and set cooked eggs on a paper towel to dry.
Roughly chop eggs into a medium bowl and add 
Cover bowl and place in the refrigerator until egg salad is below 40 degrees.
Serve with crisp lettuce and your favorite bread.


Cook lasagna noodles according to box directions but keep them slightly undercooked (cook approximately 7-8 minutes). They should still have a good bite to them. Rinse and cool. Keep moist while you prepare the rest of the dish.
In a large skillet, heat the olive oil and cook the onions for about two minutes over medium high heat. Add the garlic and cook one more minute. Add the meat, stir and cook until there is no pink. Depending on the fat content of the meat you are using, you may need to drian off some liquid. There should only be a few tablespoons of liquid after cooking the meat. Add crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, 1 teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon pepper, oregano, basil, red pepper flakes and mint. Reduce to medium and simmer ten minutes, stirring occasionally. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, mix ricotta, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, beaten eggs, 1 cup Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon pepper and the chopped parsley. Mix to combine and set aside.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees and put oven rack in center of oven.
In a 9X13X3 glass baking dish, ladle in one cup of tomato sauce into the bottom and lay four lasagna noodles overlapping slightly. Add one third of these cheese mixture, one third of the meat mixture and half of the sliced fresh mozzarella. (The sliced mozzarella will not cover the whole pan, just spread as evenly as possible). Repeat with four more noodles, one third of cheese mixture, one third of meat mixture and the other half of sliced fresh mozzarella. Cover with four more noodles and top with remaining cheese mixture, remaining meat mixture and 1 ½ cups shredded mozzarella cheese. Finish with four more noodles, 1 ½ cups tomato sauce, 1 ½ cups shredded mozzarella and ½ cup grated Parmesan cheese.
Lay a piece of parchment paper over top and then cover tightly with foil. Cover a sheet pan with foil and place a rack in foiled pan. Now place the covered lasagna on the rack and place in the oven. The rack is to circulate heat and the lower pan will catch and drips.
Bake for one hour covered. Remove foil and parchment and cook uncovered for 30 more minutes. Let rest 15-30 minutes before cutting.


Mix all ingredients together.
Chill for at least 1 hour.
Serve with cooked peeled shrimp.


In a dry pan, toast almonds until golden brown. Set aside.
In a medium pan with a tight fitting lid, place all ingredients including the toasted almonds and bring to a boil. Cover and simmer on low for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit five minutes then fluff.
Serve with additional chopped cilantro.


Remove shells from shrimp but leave tails on. This will act as a handle to pick up the cooked shrimp.
Lay out three medium to large bowls.
In the first one; mix 1 cup flour, salt, pepper and 5-spice powder.
In the second; mix coconut milk with the two beaten eggs.
In the third; mix Panko, coconut flakes and the remaining 1 cup of flour.
Handling a few at a time, dredge in flour, shake off excess and then into the egg mixture. Let the mixture drip off for a few seconds then dredge in the panko mixture. I found that tossing the shrimp in the bowl on this last step was easier and coated them better.
Place on a sheet tray not touching as you go.
Once you finish breading the shrimp, heat the pan or wok with the oil to 325 degrees F using a candy thermometer, then maintain that temperature as you fry each batch. Get the oil back to 325 degrees between each batch.
Fry in about four or five batches placing them in one at a time not touching. They will cook for about three minutes and will float and be golden brown once done. Do not over cook.
Serve immediately with our sweet chili sauce, recipe coming tomorrow.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees with rack in the center of the oven.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, cream butter for about 20 seconds. Add ⅔ cup powdered sugar and salt and cream to combine. Add vanilla and combine.
Sprinkle the cornstarch over mixture but do not combine (the corn starch will help disperse the flour evenly).
Add one cup of flour over the corn starch and blend slowly. Add the half cup of flour and the half cup of coconut flour and blend to combine.
Remove bowl from mixer and add chopped pecans or walnuts, mixing by hand.
Roll out the dough into a log and cut in half. Cut each half in half. Cut each quarter in half. You now have eight mini logs. Cut each of these into thirds to yield 24 total pieces.
Roll each piece into a ball and place on parchment lined cookie sheets and bake one pan at a time for 18 minutes.
Place one cup of powdered sugar into medium bowl.
Once pan(s) come out of oven, let pan cool for 5 minutes then roll each cookie in the powdered sugar and place on a rack to finish cooling.
Once completely cool, roll again in the powdered sugar and press sugar to thickly coat all sides. Use the other ½ cup of powdered sugar if needed.
Store cookies tightly covered and eat within a few days.


If you are using salted cod instead of fresh, rinse all visible salt off the fish and rinse again for several minutes. Soak the cod in 2 quarts of milk under refrigeration for 24 hours. Rinse off milk and cod thoroughly and soak in another two quarts of milk under refrigeration for another 24 hours. Rinse off milk and cod thoroughly again and flake. Discard the milk. Soak flaked cod in water for an hour and rinse again. (If you are using fresh cod, cut into small pieces.) Place cod in a large bowl.
Bring water to a boil in a medium pot and place whole peeled russet potatoes into water. Boil for 10 minutes then shut off heat and let them sit in the hot water for 30 minutes. They will be partially cooked at this point. Cool completely.
Using a cheese grater, grate potatoes and add to bowl with flaked cod.
In a medium sauté pan over medium heat, melt butter in oil. Add onions and celery and sauté 3-5 minutes until onions are translucent. Add garlic and cook for one more minute. Cool before adding to fish and potato mixture.
Add cooled onion and celery mixture to cod and potatoes. Add in all other fish cake ingredients. Mix to combine.
Place mixture in the refrigerator to firm up.
Remove chilled mixture and form into 14 even sized patties. Place them on a parchment lined sheet tray (one that will fit in your freezer) and freeze overnight. These can stay frozen for up to a month if sealed properly.
Thirty minutes prior to service, heat oil in a cast iron skillet to 350 degrees. Oil should be deep enough to cover the fish cakes.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Place corn flour in a bowl.
Mix eggs and milk in a second bowl.
Place breadcrumbs in a third.
Dip the frozen fish cakes in the corn flour and shake off excess. Then dip it in the egg wash then into the bread crumbs. Shake off excess.
Place in the hot oil and cook in batches for 1-2 minutes until brown and crispy. Hold on sheet pan as you fry.
Place sheet pan in oven and bake for 30 minutes or until an internal thermometer reaches 140 degrees.
Serve with 


In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Set aside.
In a heavy bottomed saucepan, heat milk, heavy cream and sugar, stirring occasionally until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is hot. (This will take less than 5 minutes - do not bring to a simmer or boil.) Remove from the heat.
Take about a cup of the hot mixture and very slowly drizzle it into the bowl with the egg yolks – constantly whisking while you add the hot mixture. (A slow drizzle will prevent the eggs from cooking as you add the hot cream mixture.)
Once your egg mixture is smooth, slowly pour the egg mixture back into the saucepan with the rest of the hot cream mixture.
Cook the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens a bit and coats the back of a spoon. (This will take less than 5 minutes as well, and again, do not bring the mixture to a simmer or boil, or it will curdle.)
Remove the pan from the heat and pour the mixture through a fine strainer into a bowl (a large measuring bowl 
Place the donuts into a blender. Then pour the custard mixture into the blender, over the donuts. Puree until completely mixed.
Pour the mixture back into the bowl, and cover with a large piece of plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the custard. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the custard as it cools.) Refrigerate overnight.
Churn in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s instructions. After churning, freeze again for 4-6 hours before serving.


Line a sheet pan with a silicone mat or parchment paper. Set aside.
(Use a four-quart heavy-bottomed pan for this recipe. The mixture bubbles up high as it cooks so the larger size pan is necessary.) Place the butter, sugar, coffee, corn syrup and coffee extract in the pan and turn burner to medium high to high.
Place a candy thermometer on the side and into the mixture during the entire cooking process.
Cook and stir for approximately ten minutes with a long handled wooden spoon. Watch the temperature as it cooks. You want it to reach 300 degrees F. If the heat isn’t hot enough, it won’t reach the hard candy stage and if you let it go past 300 degrees, it will begin to scorch. Watch it closely, the last 80 degrees rises quickly. Also the mixture will burn if it touches your skin so wear heavy duty oven mitts.
As soon as you achieve 300 degrees F, remove from heat and stir in the baking soda. It will bubble up so use caution.
Then stir in the nut mixture as well as the optional dried cranberries and immediately pour it out onto the prepared pan. Working quickly, spread evenly and as thin as you can.
Sprinkle lightly with sea salt and let cool 30 minutes.
Then break into pieces and serve.


Place foccacia or flat bread on a serving tray or baking sheet.
Bring a medium sauce pan full of water to a boil and plunge in broccoli. Count one minute and immediately remove with a strainer into an ice water bath.
Leave the water boiling and plunge in the asparagus. Count 30 seconds and remove to an ice water bath.
Take both broccoli and asparagus out of ice water bath and drain on paper towels. Set aside.
Place the onions in a small sauté pan with 2 tablespoons of water, cover and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes. (If you like raw onions, feel free to leave them raw. However the onions are large dice and we felt they needed to be softened a bit). Set aside to cool.
Start by smearing the entire container of Marzetti® Spinach Veggie Dip onto the focaccia right up to the edges.
Take the spinach and line the leaves up, overlapping around the entire outer edge right onto the Marzetti® Spinach Veggie Dip.
Decide how you want your color scheme to go and lay out the vegetables in that order lengthwise in rows. We went with red, orange, green, yellow, onions down center, then red, orange, green and finished with yellow.
Press the vegetables down slightly into the Marzetti® Spinach Veggie Dip.
To cut, use a very sharp knife and make a cut down the center the long way. Cut pizza-shaped wedges up and down each side until your have reached each end.
Serve and enjoy.


Shave cabbage by hand as thinly as possible. Add shredded carrot.
In a separate bowl, mix the remaining ingredients.
Add the mayonnaise mixture to the cabbage and carrots.
Let sit in the refrigerator for one hour to incorporate flavors, then mix again and serve.
If the coleslaw mixture is too watery after sitting, drain slightly before serving.


In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot over medium high heat, melt butter and chicken fat (or all butter if not using chicken fat) and add onions, carrots, celery, salt, pepper, nutmeg, mustard, thyme and parsley and cook for 10 minutes, stirring often.
Add vermouth or wine and cook just to evaporate wine.
Reduce heat to medium and add flour and stir with a wooden spoon to combine. Cook for three minutes stirring often.
Add stock in three pours using a whip to mix during each pour.
At this point, the mixture will be too thick to cook directly over a burner so defuse the heat with a 
Using an 
To serve as cream of chicken soup, add enough whole milk or light cream or both to reach desired consistency.
Or use as-is in recipes calling for condensed cream of chicken soup.
Or freeze in zip lock bags. The mixture freezes very well as long as you have squeezed all of the air out before zipping up the bag and have not yet added milk or cream. Just thaw as needed for recipes calling for condensed cream of chicken soup.


In a non-stick medium sauce pan, heat oil and butter over medium heat and add onions and garlic. Sauté for five minutes just until the onions start to brown.
Add mushrooms, salt, pepper, nutmeg, thyme and parsley. Sauté for five more minutes.
Add flour and stir and cook for three minutes.
Add stock and stir until bubbly.
Remove from heat and stir in cream.
This mixture can now be used in a variety of recipes that call for canned cream of mushroom soup. To use just as soup, add enough milk to yield a creamy soup consistency.


Preheat your oven to 325 degrees.
Spray an 8½ x 4½ inch loaf pan with non-stick cooking spray and set aside.
In a bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on high speed until light and fluffy – about 2 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing after each egg until well blended. Add sweetened condensed milk and vanilla to the butter mixture and mix until combined.
With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry mixture to the wet mixture (increasing the speed of the mixer as needed and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed) until well combined.
Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pan. Bake for 60-65 minutes or until the top is golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Cool for 10 minutes, then turn the pound cake out onto a wire rack to cool completely.


Cut the chicken thighs up into very small pieces by cutting the thighs into strips with a very sharp knife, then turn and cut against the strips into tiny pieces. Lay them out and sprinkle with salt and pepper.
In a large heavy bottomed fry pan over high heat, place one tablespoon of the oil. When smoking hot, swirl around the pan and add half the chicken pieces. Make sure you drop the pieces in a little at a time so they are separated. If you put them in the pan in a pile and try to spread them out, they will start to steam and will not sear. Cook these for a few minutes to brown one side and with a spatula, flip and cook the other side for one minute (don’t worry about turning every single piece). Transfer this to a bowl.
Heat the pan back up with the second tablespoon of oil and cook the second half of the chicken once the pan is smoking hot. Remove that batch to the same bowl.
Reduce the burner to medium high and heat the last of the oil. Add onions and all five peppers and sauté for about three minutes until just tender.
Add all of the herbs and spices, the water, tomato paste, cilantro and cooked chicken with any liquid from the bowl and cook stirring often over medium heat for about five minutes to thicken and meld the flavors.
Remove from heat and serve with your choice of soft or hard taco shells and toppings.


Heat the olive oil in a large sauté pan over medium heat.
Add the onions and cook, stirring frequently for about 5 minutes, or until the onions are soft. Then add the bell pepper to the pan and sauté for 2-3 more minutes.
Add the butter to the pan with the onions and peppers, and allow the butter to melt. Add the corn, salt and pepper and cook, stirring frequently for about 5 more minutes. (Be careful not to overcook the corn – you still want it tender but not mushy.)
Remove the corn from the heat and stir in the basil.
Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, mix two sugars until combined. Add eggs and beat until pale in color, about one minute. Add butter, vanilla and molasses and blend about 30 more seconds.
In a small bowl, sift flour, salt and baking soda and add half to the wet mixture. Mix well and add second half of flour mixture. Mix again. Add chocolate chips and mix just long enough to incorporate chips into mixture.
On parchment-lined cookie sheets, drop one ounce spoonful’s of batter leaving a few inches between drops.
Bake for about 6 ½ minutes (give or take depending on your oven). When you remove them, they will not look completely cooked so don’t be tempted to cook them longer. (The Entenmann’s cookie is a soft cookie.) Also, only bake one pan at a time in the center of your oven.
Slide parchment off pan and let cookies cool on the parchment on your counter until completely cool. Don’t be tempted to remove them or touch them until they have cooled completely.
Once cool, using a sharp edged spatula, gently pry them from the paper. Remember, they will be soft but if cooled properly, be firm enough to handle.


Cook pasta according to package directions.
To prepare the cheese sauce, place all ingredients into a medium sauce pan and heat until the cheese is melted and the mixture blended. Remove from heat and store in refrigerator for later use or mix one cup of heated cheese sauce to three cups of cooked pasta and serve immediately.
Note: If you want this to look and taste just like the boxed mix, use all of the salt, butter and use orange food coloring. Otherwise, you can cut back on the salt and butter and omit the food coloring for a healthier version. This will all depend on how finicky your child is.
Another tip to make this extra healthy is to add cooked pureed sweet potatoes and/or cooked pureed cauliflower with a little milk to thin them down. The taste only changes a bit and you are getting a healthier version of the copycat recipe into your child. We slowly added these vegetables over time to get our daughter used to the taste and now her cheese sauce is ⅓ cheese sauce, ⅓ pureed sweet potato and ⅓ pureed cauliflower. (She knows we add in the vegetables and is fine with it!)
In our house we keep prepared sauce and cooked pasta in the refrigerator. When someone is hungry for macaroni and cheese, we just heat 3 parts pasta to one part sauce and microwave. In about two minutes, hungry children are eating lunch or dinner.


Place all ingredients in a cruet and shake to combine.


Using a stand mixer with paddle attachment, blend chicken breasts until thoroughly shredded, or shred by hand. (Note: Shredded chicken rather than diced chicken pieces will help recreate the original Willow Tree chicken salad texture.)
Remove bowl from the stand mixer and add in all other ingredients. Stir by hand to mix well.
Serve over lettuce leaves or in sandwiches.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Cook bacon in a large skillet until crisp. Remove the bacon from the skillet and reserve two tablespoons of the bacon fat. Place cooked bacon onto several paper towels to drain and cool, then crumble. Set aside.
Sauté the chopped onions in the same skillet with the reserved bacon fat and cook until translucent. Stir in the flour, minced garlic, salt and pepper and cook for 1 to 2 minutes.
Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the yogurt, corn, parsley and half of the crumbled bacon. Mix well.
Pour the corn mixture into a 1-quart baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining bacon evenly over the top of the casserole.
Bake uncovered for approximately 20 minutes or until heated through. After the casserole comes out of the oven sprinkle with chopped basil and serve.


In a 4-5 quart pot, heat oil over medium high heat and once hot, add onion and jalapeño pepper.
Cook three minutes then add the sausage meat, breaking up pieces. Cook five minutes until no longer pink.
Add tomato paste and cook one minute.
Add the ale and stir. Cook for five minutes on high to evaporate some of the liquid, stirring frequently.
Lower heat back to medium high and add the tomatoes, beans and hot dog pieces and bring to a rolling boil.
Cook for five to ten minutes to desired thickness stirring to make sure it does not stick.
To serve, place Fritos in a serving bowl, top with meat mixture and sprinkle shredded cheese over top.
Serve with optional sour cream for those who want to cut the heat a bit.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees, and put an 11” cast iron frying pan into the oven to get very hot.
Mix sifted flour, corn meal, baking powder and salt in a large mixing bowl.
Mix mascarpone cheese, ricotta, agave nectar, melted butter, olive oil, eggs and creamed corn until smooth.
Add wet to dry and mix until blended. Mixture will be pretty thick, this is normal.
Open oven door and put butter and shortening in hot pan. Swirl around to melt and coat sides and bottom.
Pour batter into hot pan, spread evenly and close oven door.
Bake in center of oven for 30 minutes.
Reduce heat to 325 and bake for an additional 15 minutes.
Allow to sit for 15 minutes before cutting and serving.


To make our corn bread, soak the corn meal in the buttermilk overnight covered and left at room temperature.
The next day, preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Once the oven is up to temp, place two tablespoons of bacon fat in a nine inch square pan (or similar volume) and place in the oven while you work on the corn bread batter.
In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add granulated and brown sugar, stir and set aside.
In a medium bowl, beat the eggs.
In a small bowl, mix melted butter with honey. Then add the butter and honey to the eggs and stir. Then add the egg mixture to the soaked corn meal and stir. Finally add the wet to the dry and stir.
Remove the hot pan from the oven with oven mitts and swirl the hot bacon fat around the pan. Pour the batter into the hot pan and place back in oven and bake for 30 minutes or until the center springs back when touched.
Reduce oven to 275 degrees.
Cool the corn bread slightly then cut into two inch cubes, lay out on a sheet pan and place in preheated oven for 20 minutes. Remove, flip cubes and bake for 20 more minutes. Pour into a large bowl.
To make the stuffing, preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large sauté pan, heat oil and butter over medium high heat and add onion, celery and salt. Sauté for 2 minutes then lower heat to medium and add sausage, garlic, sage and rosemary and sauté until sausage is cooked through.
Add half of the stock and scrape up any brown bits from the bottom of the pan then remove from the heat.
In the large bowl that has the toasted corn bread, add walnuts, apple and cranberries. Then add all of mixture from the sauté pan.
Using a wooden spoon, stir the meat mixture into corn bread mixture. Add the second half of the stock along with the beaten eggs and mix to combine.
Spray a 9X13 baking dish with pan spay and pour in the stuffing. Cover with parchment and foil.
Bake for 55-60 minutes until cooked through and hot in the center. If you would like the top to be browned, remove the foil for the last 15 minutes of cooking.
Serve hot with roasted turkey, chicken or pork.


Mix corn bread according to package directions, and bake in a 9x9-inch pan sprayed with PAM Cooking Spray.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Let corn bread cool slightly, and dice into one inch cubes. Place cubes back into the baking pan and bake at 425 degrees for an additional 10 to 15 minutes so that the corn bread cubes brown slightly. Set aside to cool.
Remove and discard crusts from bread and cut slices into one inch cubes. Toss in a bowl with ½ stick melted butter, garlic powder, dry parsley, smoked paprika, and celery salt. Spray sheet tray with PAM spray. Lay out bread cubes onto prepared sheet pan and bake for ten minutes. Flip bread cubes and bake for another ten minutes. Remove from oven and set aside. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees.
Remove sausage from casing. In a large skillet over medium high heat, spray with PAM spray and cook sausage meat breaking apart with wooden spoon as you cook. Remove cooked sausage and any fat from pan to a large bowl.
In the same pan over medium heat, melt remaining half stick of butter and add celery, onions, poultry seasoning, sage, salt and pepper. Sauté for three minutes or until celery and onions are just starting to get tender and then add cranberries. Cook for one more minute and remove from heat. Add all of this mixture to bowl with cooked sausage.
Add the toasted corn bread cubes and the toasted bread cubes to the sausage and onion mixture. Add the walnuts, turkey stock and eggs and gently stir and toss. Try not to break the corn bread up too much.
Spray a 2-quart casserole dish with PAM spray and gently scrape stuffing mixture into dish. Cut out a piece of parchment paper equal in size to the top of the dish and spray that with PAM spray. Place sprayed side down on top of stuffing. Cover with foil and bake for 50 minutes.
Raise oven temperature to 425 degrees. Remove foil, spray top of stuffing with PAM spray and place back into oven uncovered and brown for ten minutes or more until golden brown.
Remove from oven, allow to rest for 10 minutes and serve.


If you are using cooked corned beef, skip this step and go to step two.
In a large pot or Dutch oven, place raw corned beef and enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, shut off burner and discard liquid. This will lower the saltiness of the finished meat. Refill with clean water, add carrot pieces, one of the onions cut in half, one cleaned leek, tops removed and cut in half the long way, the celery pieces and the peppercorns. Bring back to a boil, cover partially and simmer for three hours. Check every hour and if too much water has evaporated, add more water. The liquid will be discarded at the end so just keep the meat covered with water during cooking. After three hours, discard liquid and vegetables and cool meat. This step can be done a day ahead.
Cook bacon until crisp. Reserve bacon fat and set aside the cooked bacon.
Place both diced potatoes into a pot and cover with water and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil then shut off burner and let potatoes sit in hot water for ten minutes. Drain and set aside.
Dice second onion and white part of second leek to ½ inch dice. Place butter and one tablespoon of bacon fat in medium frying pan and place onions and leeks and sauté on medium for four to five minutes until the onions are translucent. Remove from heat.
In a large bowl, rough mash both potatoes with a potato masher (Do not over mash). Add cooked onions and leeks. Add garlic powder, parsley, thyme, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, nutmeg and mix.
On a cutting board, trim corned beef of top layer of fat then slice against the grain into thick one inch slices. Then with your hands, break up each slice into small to medium sized pieces and add to the bowl with the other ingredients. Mix until thoroughly combined. Because you are using corned beef (which can be salty), only add salt at this point if the mixture needs it. Let this mixture sit under refrigeration for an hour to blend flavors. At this point, you could freeze half and continue if you are making this for four instead of eight.
In a cast iron skillet or heavy bottomed pan over medium to medium high heat, add two tablespoons of the bacon fat until hot and the bowl of hash mixture (If your pan is not large enough, you may need to do this in two batches). Using a strong spatula, press mixture firmly down into the pan. Cook for five minutes or more to brown bottom and remove from burner (sneak a peek under one edge to make sure it is not getting overly browned). Make sure sides are not sticking and place a large plate, platter or cookie sheet over the pan and with caution, flip hash over onto plate or pan. Place fry pan back on the heat, add one more tablespoon of bacon fat until hot. Slide hash back into pan. At this point, don’t fret if it’s not perfect, after all this is hash and it is OK if the surface is not perfectly even and browned. While hash is browning on the second side, in a medium skillet with one tablespoon of bacon fat, cook four to eight eggs (one per person) to over easy or your preference.
To serve, divide into four to eight portions, slide a spatula under each portion and slip onto a serving dish. Place a cooked egg over each portion. We served ours with a cooked buttered English muffin and a nice hot cup of steaming coffee.


The day prior to serving, remove the gizzard bag from the chicken and save the neck but discard the organs. With a pair of kitchen shears, cut out the back bone of the chicken and reserve. With a sharp boning knife, cut off each leg quarter and separate the leg from the thigh. Do this for both sides. Remove keel bone that separates the two breast halves and set aside with back and neck. Remove each whole wing and set aside with back, neck and keel bone. Cut each breast half in half again so you end up with eight pieces. (Place chicken scraps in the refrigerator overnight)
In a 4 quart stock pot place water, brown sugar, salt, peppercorns, thyme and garlic and bring to a boil. Boil for 5 minutes and remove from heat to cool. (If you place your pot in a sink full of ice water, it will cool quickly). Add ice to cooled brine and combine iced brine and chicken parts in a large container (large enough to hold everything and the chicken should be covered with the brine). Place in the refrigerator overnight.
Combine spices for spice rub, seal in a zip lock bag and set aside for later.
Four hours before you want to serve, or the day before, place chicken scraps in a 6 quart stock pot along with optional chicken feet, onion, celery, carrots, cold water, peppercorns, garlic parsley and salt. Slowly bring to a boil, skim off any foam that floats to the top, reduce to a simmer and simmer for three hours. Discard solids and return stock to pot.
Add carrots, onions, new red potatoes and celery to stock. Bring to a boil then simmer covered 20 minutes. It is OK if the stock does not cover the vegetables.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Strain out vegetables and place in a roasting pan around the outside edge of the pan. Reserve the stock for the country gravy.
Remove chicken from the brine, rinse and place on a cutting board. Discard the brine. Pat chicken dry with paper towels.
Melt the three tablespoons of butter and brush over chicken (skin side up). Take reserved spice rub and sprinkle all over top of chicken pieces.
Place legs and thighs in center of roasting pan and roast with vegetables uncovered for 30 minutes. Remove from oven and add breast portions and return to oven and cook for 30-45 minutes or until a probe thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast reaches 140 degrees.
Turn the oven to broil and broil for about 5 minutes to crisp up skin.
Remove chicken to platter and let rest for 15 minutes with a sheet of foil loosely covering the top.
Reheat oven back to 425 degrees.
Spread vegetables out flat in the roasting pan and return to oven to brown (10-15 minutes).
While the vegetables are browning, heat the stock back up to a low boil (there should be about one pint (2 cups) of stock). Melt the ½ stick of butter in a 2 quart sauce pan and add flour. Cook over medium heat for 3-5 minutes or until raw flour smell is gone. Add stock to butter/four mixture one third at a time whipping each time. Once all stock is in, add sour cream, gravy color, thyme and salt and pepper to taste. Reserve the gravy for serving.
If vegetables need more browning, broil for a few minutes.
To serve, place chicken portion on the plate with roasted vegetables and potatoes and serve country gravy on the side.


In a small sauce pan, heat one cup broth and lentils to boil, cover and simmer over low heat for 20 minutes or until tender. Set aside. If all the liquid evaporates before lentils are cooked, add a little water to finish cooking.
In a microwave safe bowl, place ½ cup vegetable broth, butter or oil and microwave until mixture is boiling. Remove from the microwave, add couscous, stir and cover. Let sit for five minutes covered. Then fluff with fork and set aside.
Once lentils and couscous are cooked, heat a large skillet over medium heat and add 1 teaspoon of olive oil and garlic. Cook for about one to two minutes and add onions and mushrooms. Increase heat to medium high and sauté for about five minutes until mushrooms and onions are cooked. Add optional pepper flakes and tomatoes and sauté for about 2 minutes. Add fresh basil, cooked lentils and cooked couscous and cook just until at serving temperature. Season to taste.
Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
In a medium to large pot over medium heat, melt butter and add flour. Cook for two minutes and add cream. Stir often for about 7-10 minutes until thick. Remove from heat.
Add crab meat, bread crumbs, red pepper, onion, half the parsley (other half gets sprinkled on after it comes out of the oven), sherry, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, paprika, dry mustard, cayenne, salt and pepper. Mix to combine and divide evenly between six shallow 6-ounce ramekins. Place on a baking sheet.
To prepare the topping: In a small bowl, combine butter, bread crumbs and paprika and divide evenly by sprinkling over each ramekin.
Bake for 20 minutes until hot and bubbly.
While crab is cooking, brush sliced bread with oil and bake on sheet pan for about five minutes. Try to time it so both come out at the same time. Sprinkle remaining parsley over the top of each ramekin.
Serve crostini with the hot crab Imperial.


In a medium bowl, mix crab meat, cream cheese, scallion, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, sesame oil, salt and pepper until combined.
Fill won tons by dropping 1 ½ teaspoon of filling in center of wrapper. With a dab of water, wet two adjoining sides and pull the dry corner to the wet corner and press all sides to seal. Basically you are making a triangle. Repeat until all filling is used. You should have between 22 and 24 triangles when you are done filling the wrappers.
Heat 2 inches of oil in a 4 quart saucepan or wok to 325 degrees.
Drop the triangles in hot oil in two batches and cook for about two to three minutes, turning half way so they brown on both sides. With a wire strainer, remove to a paper towel to drain.
Serve hot with dipping sauce(s).


Prepare a cookie sheet by covering it with a piece of parchment or wax paper.
In the microwave or over a double boiler, melt the chocolate chips in a medium sized bowl.
Pour the Craisins ® Dried Cranberries and the pistachios into the melted chocolate and stir until completely coated.
Using two teaspoons, drop the mixture onto the cookie sheet in bite-size pieces.
Allow to cool completely before eating. Store in a cool place.


In a small, dry frying pan over medium heat, lightly toast the almonds for 3-4 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. Coarsely chop the almonds.
In a medium-sized, heavy bottomed saucepan, combined the coconut, sugar, chopped cranberries, chopped toasted almonds and egg whites. Stir well. Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly, for about 10 to 15 minutes. (Stop cooking when the mixture turns from a creamy consistency to one that is sticky and moist, but not too dry.)
Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the vanilla and almond extracts.
Pour the mixture into a flat baking dish, spreading it out so that it will cool. Place in the refrigerator for about ½ an hour or in the freezer for about 10 minutes if you want to speed up the process.
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Using a small ice cream scoop (or your hands), scoop out the coconut mixture – firmly packing the macaroon mixture into the scoop – and place each mound on the baking sheet. The cookies will not spread as you cook them, so you should be able to fit 18 good sized macaroons onto one baking sheet.
Bake until lightly golden – about 30 minutes (more or less depending on your oven). Place the baking sheet with the cookies still on it on a wire cooling rack and allow the cookies to cool completely on the baking sheet so that they can set up.
Once the cookies are cooled and firm, remove them from the baking sheet and place on the wire rack for glazing. (You can place the wire rack onto the baking sheet to collect any drips if you’d like.)
Melt the chocolate – on the stove in a double boiler, or in the microwave (in a heat-proof bowl, heat on high for 1 minute and then stir. Continue to microwave in 30 second intervals, stirring after each, until the chocolate is melted).
Using a spoon, drizzle the chocolate evenly onto each macaroon. Allow the chocolate to cool and set up (you can put it in the refrigerator if you’d like to speed up the process) before eating.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees with the oven rack placed in the top third of the oven.
Butter a 9” pie dish.
Over medium heat, simmer cranberries, apples, brandy, cinnamon and lemon zest for 10-12 minutes until syrupy.
Using a blender, food processor or hand mixer, mix eggs, milk, cream, butter, sugar, flour, vanilla and salt on low speed just until combined.
Pour fruit mixture into buttered pie dish. Pour egg mixture over fruit and bake for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.
Cool slightly and serve warm with powdered sugar or vanilla ice cream.


Place all ingredients in a small sauce pan and bring to a boil. Reduce to a fast simmer and cook uncovered for 10 minutes, stirring often.
The sauce is done when the berries pop and start to break down.
Puree with an immersion blender and chill for later use.


Preheat oven to 550 degrees F and place rack in bottom oven position. Place a pizza stone on that rack.
Dust counter with flour and bring pizza dough balls to room temperature. Roll dough out to 10-12 inch rounds.
Mix ½ cup of the 
Dust pizza peel with the corn meal.
Set one rolled out dough onto pizza peel.
Place one quarter of the remaining 
Place one quarter of red onion over sauce.
Place one quarter of shaved sprouts over onion.
Place one quarter of turkey over sprouts.
Top with one quarter of the cheese.
Slide pizza onto pizza stone and cook until the top is bubbly and the bottom is golden, about 6-7 minutes.
Remove to a cutting board and cut to serve.
Repeat for remaining ingredients.


Remove wing tips and freeze for stock. Separate wing portion from drum portion.
Place wing pieces in a zip lock bag and pour in the two cups of cranberry juice. Seal and refrigerate overnight.
In a medium sauce pan, place cranberries, sugar, butter, Frank’s hot sauce, cumin, the cinnamon stick, the ¼ cup of cranberry juice and honey. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat, discard cinnamon stick and refrigerate until needed.
The next day, drain off marinade and pat wings dry with paper towels. Must be dry so they won’t splatter in the hot oil.
Heat oil in a large Dutch oven about half filled with oil. Heat to 350 degrees F using a 
Heat oven to 250 degrees F to keep batches warm between frying.
Cook wing pieces in three batches by placing in hot oil and frying for 8 minutes. Try to maintain the oil at 350 degrees F.
Reheat dipping sauce until it is a liquid again.
Using a 
Repeat for the second and third batches then pour out onto a serving platter.
Take the remaining one quarter of the dipping sauce and serve on the side with the wings.




Zest the orange and place the zest in a food processor.
Using a sharp knife, cut the pith from the rest of the zested orange and discard.
Cut the remaining peeled orange into quarters, pick out and discard any seeds and place the orange in the food processor with the zest.
Add the bag of fresh cranberries and ½ cup of the sugar and pulse to a coarse consistency.
Taste and add more sugar if you want the relish sweeter. We only used the ½ cup.
This relish can be refrigerated for up to a week and can be used in a variety of dishes, including our Myles Standish Sandwich.


Whisk together flour and baking powder in a medium sized bowl.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter until creamy. Add sugar and beat 3 minutes on high until pale and fluffy.
Add orange zest and mix until blended. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition.
Slowly add the flour and baking powder mixture into the egg mixture and mix until blended.
Then add yogurt, again mixing until blended. Add cranberries and mix until blended throughout the dough.
Refrigerate for at least 45 minutes. (This recipe may be made in advance and refrigerated overnight.)
When ready to bake, preheat oven to 350 degrees. Filling a ⅓ cup measuring cup, make scones and form into round balls. Place on ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes. Then turn the oven down to 325 degrees and bake for 10-13 minutes more until lightly golden.


Zest the orange and place the zest in a food processor.
Using a sharp knife, cut the pith from the rest of the zested orange and discard.
Cut the remaining peeled orange into quarters, pick out any seeds and place in the food processor with the zest.
Add the fresh cranberries and the sugar and puree fine.
Refrigerate mixture.
Place chilled mixture in your ice-cream maker and process according to manufacturer's instructions. Once firm, scoop and serve.


Preheat the oven to 300 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, mix together the oil and sugar until blended. Add in the vanilla and almond extracts and eggs. Mix well.
In a separate bowl, combine the flour, salt and baking powder, mixing well. Gradually add the flour mixture to the wet mixture – mixing until fully blended. Add cranberries and pistachios and mix until just blended.
Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Divide dough in half and form into two logs (approximately 12x2 inches for small biscotti or 9x3 inches for longer biscotti) on the parchment paper. Note: dough is sticky so wet your hands with cool water to more easily handle the dough.
Bake the logs for 30-35 minutes in the 300 degree oven until logs are a very light brown. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 275 degrees.
After 10 minutes, using a serrated knife, cut the logs on a diagonal into ¾ inch thick slices. Lay the cookies on their sides on the parchment covered cookie sheets and bake for 8 to 10 minutes more. Let cool.


In a medium sauce pan, bring all ingredients to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook uncovered, for 10-15 minutes or until thick. Stir often.
Remove the cinnamon sticks from the mixture. Pour into a serving dish and refrigerate to chill - at least 4-6 hours.
If you’d like, you can pour the sauce into a low flat bowl like we did and then, once set and ready to serve, invert the cranberry sauce onto a plate and unmold. Garnish with additional orange zest if desired.


In a microwave safe bowl, mix milk, butter and pureed squash. Mix and microwave to 110 degrees F using a probe thermometer. Depending on your microwave, this could take approximately 30 seconds. Set this aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle, mix bread flour, 1 ½ cups of all-purpose flour (save ½ cup aside), yeast, sage, salt and sugar until combined.
Add warmed squash mixture from earlier and switch to a dough hook. Mix to form a dough that just barely sticks to the bottom of the bowl. Add some or all of the ½ cup of all purpose flour to achieve this consistency.
With the mixer on medium, knead dough for six minutes.
Add cranberries and mix to combine.
Lightly coat a large bowl with olive oil and add dough. Toss to coat in the oil then cover with plastic wrap and a clean kitchen towel. Proof in a warm place (80 degrees F) until doubled in size, about one hour or so.
Pour out onto counter and cut into 12 pieces.
Line a 9X9 pan with parchment. Form each piece into a ball by pinching sides to bottom then place on prepared pan. Again cover with plastic and a towel and proof until doubled in size, about 45 minutes to an hour.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Brush the top of each roll with the egg wash, being careful not to let the egg wash drip down to the pan.
Bake for 20-25 minutes turning pan half way through until browned on top.
Serve warm.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray cookie sheets with non-stick cooking spray.
In a bowl, combine flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat shortening and both sugars at medium speed until completely mixed. Add eggs and vanilla mix well. Add flour mixture and mix until completely combined and smooth. On low speed or by hand, stir in oats, dried cranberries and walnuts.
Using a small ice cream scoop or tablespoons, drop rounded tablespoonful onto the prepared cookie sheets, approximately 2-inches apart.
Bake 10-12 minutes or until a light golden brown. Allow to cool on the cookie sheets for 2 minutes, then remove onto wire cooling racks to finish cooling completely.


To make the crust, place the flour, salt, cold butter, sugar and egg yolk in a food processor and pulse ten times.
Add up to four tablespoons of ice water and pulse as you add. The mixture will be a bit crumbly but should come together if you reach in a pinch a little in your hand.
Pour out onto a piece of plastic wrap and using the sides of the plastic, pull together into a ball. Wrap and press into a disc shape. Refrigerate for at least one hour. This can be done a day in advance.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Lightly dust your counter with flour and remove the dough from the refrigerator.
Roll out two inches larger than a 10” tart pan with a removable bottom.
Gently lift the dough into the tart pan and press into the sides and up to the rim making sure the dough is even all the way around. Don’t be afraid to make the sides thicker than the bottom by pressing the excess dough back down into the tart pan inside ridges.
Line the bottom with parchment and fill with pie weights, dry beans or rice.
Bake for ten minutes, remove from oven, remove weights and cool for ten minutes. The crust is par-baked at this point, not fully baked.
Lower oven temperature to 350 degrees F.
While the crust is being prepared, make the filling by beating the eggs in a medium bowl.
Add the brown sugar, corn syrup, vanilla and melted butter.
Beat in the flour and salt.
Stir in the chopped nuts and gently fold in the cranberries.
Pour the batter into the now cooled crust.
Place in the center of the oven and bake for 45 to 55 minutes until browned.
Cool to room temperature then refrigerate to set.
Best served cold.
Remove sides by placing tart on a high round surface such as a can and gently drop the outer ring to the table. Then place the tart onto a serving dish and cut into slices to serve.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Line an 8x8-inch pan with foil pressing tightly up sides. This will help remove the finished bars once baked.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, cream butter and the ⅓ cup of brown sugar until fluffy.
Add flour until just combined.
Remove from mixer and blend ½ of the chopped nuts in by hand and stir mixture until a small crumb forms. Reserve one cup of this mixture. Take remaining mixture and press into the prepared 8X8 pan and bake for 12 minutes. Place on rack to cool.
To the reserved cup of crumb mixture, add the remaining 2 tablespoons brown sugar, remaining ½ cup chopped nuts and the one tablespoon of oil. Mix thoroughly and set aside.
Place stand mixer bowl back on with paddle and cream sugar and cream cheese until light and fluffy. Scrape bowl and mix again.
Add egg, milk, lemon juice and vanilla and beat until very light and creamy.
Pour this mixture into cooled pan over the cooked crust and top with reserved topping pressing just slightly into mixture.
Bake for 25 minutes and cool on a rack in the pan. Once cool, lift the foil edges up and place the bar on a cutting board. Fold the foil down flat and slip the foil out.
With a sharp serrated knife, cut the whole pan into 3 rows x 3 rows for total of nine squares. Then, if you'd like, cut each square in half corner to corner yielding 18 triangle pieces like we show in our photos.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Place a muffin liner inside each opening of a large muffin pan. Spray each liner lightly with non-stick cooking spray.
Sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt into a large mixing bowl.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the room temperature cream cheese until light and creamy. Add eggs and beat until smooth. Add milk, vanilla and melted butter and mix thoroughly.
Pour the cream cheese mixture into the bowl with the flour mixture and using a large wooden spoon, mix until completely combined.
Using an ice cream scoop, spoon the batter evenly into the 12 prepared muffin cups. Sprinkle the tops generously with the turbinado sugar.
Bake for 20-25 minutes or until the muffins are firm and just beginning to brown.
Serve with butter and jam.


Cook bacon to just under crisp and drain on paper towels. Chop into very small pieces and place into mixing bowl.
Add sliced scallions and softened cream cheese to bowl with the chopped bacon. Mix well with a wooden spoon.
To assemble each RITZwich, spread mixture between 32 RITZ crackers and serve.


In a large pot, melt butter and add onions, leeks, celery, carrots and potatoes. Sauté vegetables over medium high heat for five to ten minutes or until almost tender.
Reduce to medium and add flour, salt, pepper, sage and thyme. Cook for five minutes stirring with a wooden spoon and being careful that the mixture does not stick.
Add vermouth and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan.
Add stock, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook for 10-15 minutes until the vegetables are tender and soft.
Using an 
Add turkey and heat to hot. Add cream and serve.


In a large non-stick pot, heat oil over medium high heat and add shallots, onions, fennel, apple and celery. Cook for five minutes stirring occasionally.
Add sherry and cook to evaporate.
Add stock and bring to a boil. Cook for about 10-15 minutes until vegetables are completely tender.
Using an immersion blender, puree until smooth and return to a medium heat.
Add carrots and turkey and simmer until carrots are tender, about another ten minutes. Stir often so that the mixture does not stick.
Alternatively, if you do not have a non-stick pot, cook carrots in a separate pan with water, drain and add with turkey to pureed mixture.
While carrots are cooking, toast fennel seeds in a dry pan over medium heat until browned. Remove from heat and remove from the pan into a small bowl. Set aside.
In a small sauce pan, melt butter and add flour. Cook over medium heat for five minutes stirring often. Set aside.
Once carrots are tender, add lemon juice, toasted fennel seeds and the cooked butter and flour mixture.
Bring to hot and stir.
Remove from heat and add in the sour cream and half and half.
Stir, adjust seasoning and serve with fennel fronds on top of each bowl of soup.


Bring a pot of water to boil and cook linguini according to package directions.
While linguini is cooking, heat a large non stick sauté pan with half the oil and half the butter over medium high. Once the butter is frothy and hot, add half of the salmon, placing the pieces in without touching. Sauté for about 1 ½ minutes and turn each piece with tongs. Cook other side for another 1 ½ minutes and remove to a platter. Add remaining oil and butter and once hot cook second half of salmon, removing to the platter once done. The salmon does not need to be cooked all the way through. It will cook further in the sauce.
Lower the heat to medium and add pancetta and cook until almost crisp, about 2 minutes. Add shallots and cook for another two minutes until they start to get soft.
Add wine and deglaze pan.
Once wine has all but evaporated, add flour and stir. Mixture may be a little dry. Keep stirring with a wooden spoon until the raw flour smell is gone, about two minutes.
While the flour is cooking, heat cream in the microwave until hot but not scorched. Add to the shallot mixture and keep the heat on a medium heat so the cream bubbles but does not boil. With a wire whip, stir in mustard.
Taste and season only if needed. I did not season my finished dish any further.
Add in peas and cooked salmon and gently stir and let simmer until the mixture thickens somewhat, up to five minutes. Remove from heat.
To serve, place cooked drained linguini on a platter or individual serving dishes and ladle salmon mixture over the top.
Garnish with optional chopped parsley.


The stock needs to reduce down from one quart to three cups so place on stove and simmer until reduced.
If you have part of a turkey leftover and are using the meat from that for this recipe, place the whole carcass in with the stock. It will help soften the meat so you can remove it from the bone. This step is only an option if you don’t already have the two pounds of cooked turkey or chicken and are picking meat from a turkey or chicken.
Once the stock has reduced, add milk and cream and heat just until hot. Keep warm over low heat.
In a large skillet, melt butter over medium and add onions. Cook until translucent and no longer crunchy.
Add flour and cook for three minutes.
Add stock and cream mixture one third at a time to the skillet, stirring each time with a wire whip.
Once all of the liquid is in, add salt, nutmeg, mustard, pepper, onion powder, garlic powder and curry powder.
Cook over low heat for a few minutes and add cooked turkey or chicken shredding as you add.
Bring up to hot but be careful not to scorch.
Add frozen peas, stir and hold over low heat while you slice and toast the bread.
Slice bread into thick slices and lightly toast.
To serve, place single slices of toast on dinner plates and top with a generous portion of the creamed chicken.
Great served with steamed carrots.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Bake pastry shells according to package directions and set aside.
In a medium heavy bottomed pan or Dutch oven, melt butter over medium heat and add onions. Sauté over medium for ten minutes just until they become a little flexible but not cooked through. Add garlic, bay leaf, nutmeg, thyme, sage, salt, pepper, cream and stock and bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer.
Simmer for 15 minutes stirring occasionally and then add the Romano cheese.
Stir again and continue to simmer for five minutes or until the sauce thickens and the onions are tender. If the onions become tender before the sauce has thickened, mix a little corn starch and water and drizzle a small amount in and stir over heat until it reaches the desired thickness. Alternatively add more cream if it is too thick. The onions should be tender but not mushy and the sauce should be thick and creamy.
Remove the bay leaf and thyme and discard.
Place a pastry shell on a serving dish and pop the top off and remove the center dough. Then fill the center with the creamed onions, spilling over the edges. Place the pastry top back on over the onions, then serve immediately.


Remove the meat from the rotisserie chicken and dice into bite sized pieces. (One two-pound cooked rotisserie chicken will yield about one pound of usable meat, equivalent to about three cups of diced cooked chicken.)
In a medium pot over medium high heat, melt butter and add carrots, onion, celery, parsley, pepper, thyme and garlic powder. Stir and cook for 5 minutes. Lower heat to medium and add flour. Stir and cook for three more minutes.
Add stock and stir with wooden spoon until combined. Add cooked chicken and stir. Reduce temperature to low.
Bring a medium pan of water to a boil and place two bags of Success rice into water and follow directions on box (or follow microwave directions on box).
When rice is almost done, heat soup back up and add peas and cream and stir. Taste and only add salt if needed. Depending on the brand of stock you buy, salt may not be needed.
Once rice is done, follow box directions to remove and drain and add rice to soup.
Stir and serve.


Place diced tomatoes in a strainer over a bowl and sprinkle with salt. Let this sit and drain while you work on the rest of the dish. Every now and then give the tomatoes a turn to help them drain.
In a skillet heat oil over medium high heat and sauté onions, both peppers and garlic for two minutes.
Add chicken and stock, cover and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove cooked chicken to your cutting board and lower heat under skillet to medium.
Add cream and drained tomatoes to the pan and simmer while you shred the chicken.
With a fork, hold the fat end of the cooked tender and pull with the fork starting at the small end. When you reach the fat end, work around the tendon that is in each tender and discard the tendon. Set the shredded chicken aside.
Add the cream cheese and Fontina to the pan and stir until they are melted into the mixture.
At this point, the mixture should be thick and creamy. If it is too loose (depends how watery the tomatoes were), take the softened butter and add the flour in a small bowl until a paste forms. Add little bits of this to the sauce until it reaches the desired consistency. This step may not be necessary if the consistency is already thick and creamy. Our tomatoes were very meaty but they are not always that way.
Add shredded chicken and stir.
If serving as a meal, you can serve it two ways. Place tortilla chips in a bowl and spoon this over, or serve the chips on the side.
If serving as an appetizer, when ready to serve, pour hot mixture in a bowl, and serve along side a bowl of tortilla chips.


Mix all ingredients in a small bowl and refrigerate until needed.


Combine all ingredients in the bowl of a food processor (or blender) and process until completely pureed.
Pour the puree into a flat baking dish (8x8-inches or 12x7-inches). Freeze until firm. (At this point, you can also put your serving dishes into the refrigerator to chill if you’d like.)
Right before serving, scrape the frozen granita with a fork until you have a bowl of shaved ice.
Spoon or scoop into bowls and serve immediately.


Clean and chop the broccoli rabe and place it in a bowl of ice water while you are preparing the polenta and the pancetta. (Soaking the broccoli rabe before cooking will help to remove any bitterness from the greens.)
To prepare the polenta, combine the 
Unwind the pancetta into a long strip and cut into ¼ inch wide pieces. In a skillet (note: you will use the same skillet to cook the greens so select one that is large enough to hold the greens), sauté the pancetta in the olive oil over low heat until the pancetta is very crispy. Remove the pancetta from the pan with a slotted spoon and place on paper towels to drain any excess fat. Set aside.
Drain the broccoli rabe very well and pat dry with a towel (or use a salad spinner) to remove any excess water from the greens.
Turn the heat under the skillet to medium high. There should be about two tablespoons of fat from the pancetta remaining in the pan – but if there is not enough, add some additional olive oil to the pan. When the pan is hot, add the garlic and stir until brown – about 1 minute. Add the thyme, stir briefly. Then add the stock and bring to a boil, reducing to about half. Add the broccoli rabe and season with salt and pepper, then stir to coat well. Cover the skillet, reduce the heat to low and cook until the broccoli rabe is tender (about 5 minutes).
To serve, pour the polenta onto a warm serving platter and pour the broccoli rabe over it. Sprinkle with the pancetta.


Cook the pasta according to directions until al dente (firm to the bite but not soft). Drain well.
In a medium bowl, combine the pumpkin puree, ricotta, egg, Parmesan cheese, nutmeg, salt, white pepper and parsley. Mix well and set aside.
In a small pan, heat milk and stock, or combine and microwave. In a small sauce pan melt the butter over medium heat and add the chopped sage. Saute for 4 minutes. Add the flour and cook for 3 more minutes. Add the hot stock and milk to the butter and flour mixture one third at a time whisking each time. Add salt, pepper, nutmeg and dry mustard. Stir to combine and remove from heat.
Heat oven to 375 degrees
In a medium casserole dish, layer the ingredients as follows: ¼th of the prepared White Sauce, ⅓rd of the cooked pasta, ⅓rd of the Pumpkin filling and ¼th of the mozzarella.
Repeat these same layers 2 additional times. Then add one last layer of the remaining white sauce and top that with the remaining mozzarella.
Bake uncovered in a 375 degree oven for approximately 30-40 minutes or until the top is golden and the dish is heated through and bubbly.


Bring a medium to large pot of water to a boil. Once boiling, add one teaspoon of salt.
Add yellow squash and cauliflower and boil gently for ten minutes. Drain and place back into the pot. Puree cooked squash and cauliflower with an emersion blender until pureed.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large sauté pan, heat the 6 tablespoons of butter and the olive oil over medium high. Once melted, add onions and red pepper flakes and sauté for two minutes. Add garlic and zucchini and sauté just long enough to take the crunch out of the zucchini. (No more than three minutes).
Add this to the pureed vegetables.
Add Ritz, cheese, eggs, cream, salt, sugar, cayenne pepper and nutmeg. Stir to combine.
Pour into a 2½ quart baking dish.
Mix the Panko with the melted butter and sprinkle over the top of the casserole.
Bake uncovered for 50-60 minutes or until the center is hot and the top golden brown.
Serve immediately.


Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F and place a teapot full of water on to boil.
In a small sauce pan, place cream and salt.
Split the half vanilla bean open and scrape out the seeds into the cream then toss the scraped pod in as well.
Stir vigorously and heat to hot (160 degrees F).
While the cream is heating, separate yolks and place in a medium bowl with the quarter cup of sugar and beat until the mixture turns pale in color. Use the egg whites for some other recipe.
Once the cream has reached temperature, remove from heat and remove and discard the pod.
Very slowly drizzle into the egg mixture whipping continuously while adding.
Pour the mixture between the two dishes. Pour slowly so the vanilla bean seeds stay in the pan as you get to the bottom. Discard the seeds.
Choose a pan that both dishes will fit into side by side and has sides that are least half as tall as the crème brûlée dish. Place the filled crème brûlée dishes into that pan.
Pour the boiling hot water into the pan around the outside of the dishes until the water comes half way up the dish.
Bake in the center of the oven. Bake shallow dishes for 20-30 minutes and for deeper dishes; 25-35 minutes.
The finished custard will seem under baked but that is what we are going for. You do not want to cook it solid like a regular custard but be soft set and creamy. If you shake it a bit, the center should jiggle and the top should still be very light in color. Our 6 ounce shallow dishes baked exactly 25 minutes. Again, don’t gauge doneness by how regular custard bakes.
Remove from the water bath and cool on racks to completely cool, upwards of 2-3 hours. Cover and refrigerate overnight. If you cover before they cool, condensation will build up on the plastic wrap and drip into the custard. Also, use caution that the plastic wrap does not touch any part of the top of the custard. It will stick and pull the top off.
The day of service, sprinkle the granulated sugar over the tops of each. For the wide dish, use 1½ tablespoons of sugar each and for the narrow dish, use 1 tablespoon each.
Use a 
Let the caramelized top harden for a few minutes then serve.
With the back of a spoon, tap on the top to crack the sugar and dig in. The top should be hard and the custard soft and creamy.
We garnished ours with a fresh strawberry fan however feel free to omit and decorate with some other in-season fruit if desired.


In a clean jar, combine heavy cream and sour cream. Stir to mix.
Cover the jar lightly with plastic wrap and let sit unrefrigerated for 8-24 hours. (Ideally you want a location that is between 65 and 75 degrees F so the cultures will grow and the cream will thicken. If your room is cool, the process will take closer to 24 hours.)
Stir again and refrigerate before using.
Store covered for up to 1 to 2 weeks in the refrigerator.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Trim pork chops of any visible gristle or large pieces of fat.
In a small food processor (
In a small bowl combine apple sauce, mayonnaise, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, mustard and agave or honey. Pour out onto a dinner plate or pie plate.
Spray a 9x13-inch baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
Dry pork chops with a paper towel and dip into mayonnaise mixture coating all sides. Then dip into Grape Nuts mixture pressing on all sides to stick. Place into prepared baking dish. Repeat for second pork chop.
Spray breaded pork chops on tops and sides with cooking spray and place uncovered in the oven.
Bake for 30 – 40 minutes depending on the thickness of your chops. Do the poke test in the center. If it bounces back it is done. If you are not sure, insert a 
Allow the chops to rest for ten minutes before carving. Serves slices cut on the bias or if you are feeding very hungry large men, serve one pork chop per person.




In a small pan, heat pomegranate or apple juice with water. When it comes to a boil, add quinoa, cover and simmer for 12 minutes. Leave the cover on and let sit for 15 minutes.
While the quinoa is cooking and resting, place Biscoff cookies into a food processor and pulverize until a fine crumb. In a medium bowl, place one cup of the Biscoff crumbs and save the remainder for rolling the truffles in.
To the cup of crumbs, add the Biscoff spread, chocolate chips and Rice Krispies. Mix with a wooden spoon.
Once the quinoa has sat for 15 minutes, add the warm quinoa to the mixture in the bowl and stir in quickly to incorporate all ingredients.
Using a medium scoop (
Lay the remaining ground cookie crumbs in a pie plate and line a small sheet tray with wax paper or parchment.
Begin rolling each scoop into a round ball using your hands. Then roll into the cookie crumbs and set on the wax paper.
Once all 24 are finished, place the tray in the refrigerator for an hour to set before serving.


Drain chickpeas in a strainer and rinse. Place chickpeas on several layers of paper towels and blot to dry completely. (This step is important to ensure that your chickpeas will get crispy.)
In a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, heat oil until it starts to glisten. Add chickpeas to hot skillet (be careful of any splattering) and cook until golden brown and crispy all over – approximately 20 minutes – stirring occasionally.
Once cooked, transfer chickpeas to a bowl. Sprinkle cheese, garlic powder, lemon zest, oregano, salt and pepper over the chickpeas and toss to coat.
Cool seasoned chickpeas on a parchment-lined baking sheet. Serve immediately or store in an airtight container.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Cut chicken into thick strips (about four per breast)
In a food processor, pulse chips until semi fine then pour onto pie plate.
In a medium to large bowl mix mayonnaise and Parmesan cheese.
Spray a glass baking dish with pan spray and set aside.
Dredge each piece of chicken into the mayonnaise mixture then into the crumbs then into the prepared baking dish. Continue until all pieces are in the pan. Spray each piece with pan spray and place the pan in the oven for 18-20 minutes or until cooked.
While the chicken is cooking, mix all of the sauce ingredients in a small bowl with a small whisk. Set aside to serve with the chicken.
Serve each portion with sauce on the side.


In a small microwave-safe bowl, combine currants and rum. Microwave for 30 seconds on high, then allow the currants to soak in the rum for at least 30 minutes.
While the currants are soaking, prepare the batter in the bowl of standmixer. Start by creaming together the softened butter and sugar until well combined. Add the egg yolk and mix again to combine.
Sift together the flour, corn meal, salt and baking powder. Add the dry mixture to the butter mixture and mix well. (The mixture will be yellow and crumbly.)
Add the currants and rum to the yellow crumb mixture and mix again – completely combining so that the currants are evenly dispersed throughout and the batter is soft and won’t fall apart.
Divide the dough in half and shape into two logs about an inch and a half in diameter. At this point, you can wrap in plastic and chill until you are ready to bake – or you can bake immediately.
When ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line your cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Slice the dough into slices that are just shy of ½ -inch thick and place on your cookie sheet – allowing plenty of space for the cookies to spread while they bake. (I found that 9 cookies per cookie sheet – 3 rows of 3 – worked best).
Bake for 15 minutes or until outer edges of the cookies are lightly golden brown.
Remove from the oven and slide the parchment paper with the cookies still on them onto a cooling rack. Once the cookies have cooled a bit (about 10 minutes) and crisped up, remove from the parchment paper and onto another cooling rack to cool completely.
Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days (if they last that long!)


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Place Grape-Nuts in food processor and process for 30 seconds. Transfer to a large bowl.
Add all other ingredients and using a whip, combine ingredients until fully blended.
In a large zip lock bag, place one cup of mix for every pound of pork.
Wet the pork chops and place in bag and shake and press until fully coated.
Bake on a foil lined pan for 20-25 minutes or until cooked as desired.


In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
In a mixing bowl, cream together butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar on low speed until combined. Scrape down sides of bowl, then beat on medium speed for approximately one minute until the mixture is light and fluffy. Scrape down sides of bowl again, then add egg and vanilla extract and mix until fully incorporated.
Gradually add dry flour mixture to the mixing bowl with the butter mixture, mixing on low speed until just incorporated. Keeping the mixer on low speed, gradually add the granola, pretzels, chocolate chips and nuts – mixing again until fully incorporated. Stir again with a wooden spoon or spatula, scraping the sides and bottom of the bowl to ensure that all ingredients are mixed evenly.
Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Scoop the dough (we used 
When ready to bake, preheat oven to 375 degrees F and place oven rack in the middle position. Line your cookie sheets with parchment paper, and place cookie dough balls – about 8 per sheet, spread at least 2 ½ inches apart. (Keep the raw cookie dough balls chilled as you bake to prevent softening.)
Bake cookie sheets one at a time until golden brown, 13-15 minutes and rotating the cookie sheet in the oven halfway through the baking time. (Note: The longer you bake the cookies the crunchier they will get – we liked them best at around 14 minutes baking time. Also, if the dough isn’t fully chilled, the cookies will spread more and bake more quickly.)
Remove cookie sheets from the oven and allow the cookies to cool and firm up completely on the sheet before moving them to a wire rack to cool the rest of the way.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a small bowl, mix mayonnaise and mustard. Slather this mixture all over both sides of each breast using a pastry brush.
In a large bowl or high rimmed pie plate, place slightly crushed Grape-Nuts, brown sugar and salt and mix to combine.
Place a breast in the Grape-Nuts mixture and turn, pressing to coat. Transfer breast to a 9X14 baking dish. Repeat for the other three breasts. Spray tops on each breast with a light coating of pan spray.
Bake uncovered 30-40 minutes depending on breast size. Poke with your finger, if it bounces back, it is done.
Broil for a few minutes to further brown the tops if desired.
Let chicken sit for 5-10 minutes. Slice the chicken from the breasts and serve with lime wedges.


Start the brown rice and while it is cooking, prepare the rest of the dish.
In a blender, add chile, garlic, peanut butter, coconut milk, brown sugar, lime juice, soy sauce and fish sauce. Blend until smooth.
Pour mixture into a small saucepan and whisk in ¼ cup of water. If you are serving the salad immediately, warm the sauce over medium heat, whisking often until smooth and warmed through. (Be careful not to over-heat.) Season sauce with a pinch of salt and set aside while you prepare your salad. If you are serving the salad at a later time, the sauce can be refrigerated, then warmed when you are ready to serve.
Cook eggs in a separate saucepan – be sure to follow our 
In a large bowl, combine cabbage, scallions, beets, celery, cucumber, bean sprouts, cilantro and mint. Toss to combine. If you are serving the salad immediately, season with salt and top with crushed peanuts. If you are waiting to serve the salad, season with salt and top with crushed peanuts just before serving.
Warm the sauce if necessary. Slice each egg in half. Fill each serving bowl with warm rice, salad and a hard boiled egg. Drizzle the warm peanut sauce over the salad. Serve with additional peanut sauce on the side.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a blender, add the half-and-half, sugar, eggs, flour and butter. Cover tightly and blend on the “mix” setting for 3 minutes.
Stop blender and add coconut flakes. Blend again for a few seconds.
Pour the mixture into an ungreased, deep-dish pie plate (ours was 9½-inches).
Bake 40-45 minutes or until golden on top. Remove from the oven and cool before serving. (The pie will be puffy as soon as you take it out of the oven but as it cools, the center will fall, creating a crust-less outer edge.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium pan, sauté onions and carrots in olive oil over medium heat for four minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a large bowl, beat eggs and add milk to combine.
With pastry cutter, mix cold butter into baking mix until small pea sized pieces form. Add this to the egg and milk mixture and with a whip, whip until combined.
Add ham and cheese to egg mixture and stir with wooden spoon to combine.
Add cooked carrot and onion to mixture and stir again.
Spray a regular sized pie plate with pan spray and pour egg mixture into pie plate.
Bake for 30-40 minutes or until a tooth pick inserted into center comes clean and serve cut into wedges.


In a medium sauce pan with a tight fitting lid, heat oil over medium high heat.
Add onion, garlic and ginger and sauté for three minutes.
Add dry rice and dry lentils and sauté for two minutes.
Reduce heat to medium and add fresh tomato, garam masala and curry paste and stir and cook for one minute.
Add cilantro, coconut milk and water and raise heat to high.
Bring to a boil, cover and lower heat to low.
Cook covered for 20 minutes.
Remove from heat and add salt and pepper, stir and let sit covered for five minutes.
Serve with additional chopped cilantro.


If using uncooked squash, preheat oven to 450 degrees F. (If using leftover cooked squash, skip to step 3.)
Peel and seed the squash, cut in half top to bottom, brush with oil, salt and pepper and roast on a foil lined pan until soft, about 45 minutes to an hour.
Once the squash is soft, place in food processor with a cup or two of the turkey stock and puree until smooth.
In a five quart soup pot, heat oil over medium high heat and add carrots, onion and celery and sauté for four minutes.
Add rice and sauté two minutes.
Add sage and curry and stir.
Add remaining turkey stock and bring to a boil.
Lower to a low simmer and cook until the rice is tender, about 12-15 minutes.
Add the cooked turkey and peas and heat just to hot.
Remove from heat and add in the half and half, taste for seasoning and adjust as needed.


Cook rice according to package directions. Try to time rice so that it finishes cooking as the preparation of the dish nears the end. If rice is cooked to soon, fluff and leave at room temperature to cool.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and blanch cabbage chunks for five minutes. Drain, cool and set aside.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat, place olive oil and bacon and cook until bacon is almost browned, about 4 minutes. Increase heat to medium high and add onions and sauté for three minutes. Add garlic and sauté for one more minute. Add red wine and deglaze the pan.
Move the cooked onion mixture to the edges of the pan and place all three meats into the center. Keep moving the meat around to brown and slowly work in onion mixture until the meat is fully browned.
Add tomato juice, tomato paste, vinegar, sugar, thyme, paprika, salt and pepper. Reduce to medium and simmer for five minutes.
Add in sauerkraut, cooked rice and cooked cabbage. Bring back up to heat and simmer for five more minutes.
Adjust seasoning and serve.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil and place thick sliced peppers into water. Cook five minutes, drain and run under cold water. Set aside.
Over medium high heat, bring olive oil to hot and add raw rice. Sauté rice for five minutes stirring frequently. Rice will brown somewhat but be careful to not let it burn by stirring and controlling the heat. Add onions, peppers and garlic to rice and continue to sauté for three more minutes. Add wine and stir quickly. Mixture will bubble and wine will get absorbed by the rice.
Move the rice mixture to the sides of the pan and place the beef and pork in the center. Stir and mix the meat to cook until no pink shows, about tem minutes leaving the rice pressed to the sides of the pan while cooking. Add both stocks, tomatoes, tomato paste, basil, oregano, parsley, salt and pepper. Stir to combine all contents and keep on heat just until mixture is hot. Remove the pan from the burner.
Top mixture with parmesan cheese. Then top with sliced blanched green bell peppers spreading evenly across the top.
In a small microwavable bowl, mix catsup, Worcestershire sauce and Sriracha sauce. Heat mixture in microwave until hot. Spread evenly over top of peppers.
Place pan uncovered into oven and bake for about 10-15 minutes or until rice is tender.
If you would like the top to be browned more, place under broiler for a few minutes.


Combine all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth.
Pour mixture into popsicle molds and freeze until firm (about 3-4 hours or overnight).
When ready to serve, remove from the molds and enjoy!


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9”x9” baking pan with non-stick cooking spray.
In a small bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together butter, brown sugar and vanilla. Mix in egg.
Slowly add flour mixture to the mixing bowl with the butter and sugar mixture, beating after each addition. Fold in only 1¼ cups of the semi-sweet chocolate chips and all of the nuts, mixing evenly throughout the batter.
Spread the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 20 minutes. Remove pan from the oven and set on a wire rack. Sprinkle the top of the pan with the remaining ¾ cups of semi-sweet chocolate chips, then let stand for about 5 minutes or until the morsels are shiny and melting. Using an offset spatula, spread evenly over the top and all the way to the edges.
Allow the pan to cool completely – still on a wire rack. Refrigerate for 5 to 10 minutes until the chocolate frosting is set.
Once cooled, cut into bars or squares.


Cut the eggs in half lengthwise. Gently scoop out cooked yolk into a small bowl and add mayonnaise, crème Fraiche, vinegar, chopped capers, dry mustard, salt, pepper and hot sauce. Mix vigorously to break up the yolks. Taste and adjust seasoning as you prefer. If the mixture is loose, place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to tighten it up a bit (recommended).
Transfer this mixture to a 
Arrange on a bed of sturdy micro greens (or a 


Place kale, orange segments, carrot slices, chopped pistachios and currants in a large bowl. Hold feta until the end.
In a small bowl, mix lemon juice, lemon zest, shallots, mustard, oil, salt and pepper and pour over salad and toss.
Top with feta cheese and serve.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Lay almonds on a sheet pan and roast for 10-15 minutes until toasted. Cool and pulse in a food processor until finely chopped but not ground.
Raise oven temperature to 450 degrees.
In a small bowl, mix parsley, basil, butter, oil, zest and almonds to form a paste.
Place salmon in a parchment lined sheet pan, or in a baking dish sprayed with non-stick cooking spray, and slather the herb mixture all over the top of the salmon. Bake uncovered for 10 minutes per inch of thickness. (Ours was 1½ inches thick and baking for 15 minutes was the perfect amount of time).
Note: Increase all other ingredients if you buy a larger filet. The finished filet should be covered completely in a thin layer of the basting mixture before you bake it.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Place the whole uncut orange and lemon in a sauce pan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer covered. Simmer for 30 minutes, drain and discard water and cool the whole fruit.
Place almonds on a sheet pan and bake for 10-15 minutes to toast stirring once halfway through. Remove from oven and cool completely.
Increase oven to 350 and grease a 9” springform pan.
When almonds are cool, place them in the food processor and pulse until completely ground. Remove from food processor and set aside. Leave processor out for next step.
When fruit is cool, cut lemon in half, remove pulp and seeds and discard, saving outer rind. Place lemon rind in processor. Remove seeds from orange and place rind and pulp in with lemon rind. Pulse until mixture is almost a paste.
In a small bowl, mix flour and baking powder.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with whip attachment, add eggs and salt and beat until foamy. Add sugar and mix to combine.
Change to a paddle attachment and gentle mix flour mixture into egg mixture.
Add in orange/lemon mixture, almond mixture and olive oil and beat on low speed until incorporated.
Pour batter into greased spring form pan and bake for one hour or until tooth pick inserted comes out clean. (our cake took an hour and 15 minutes). Remove to a rack to cool.
After the cake has cooled slide knife around edges to loosen outer ring. Then lay a knife horizontally and insert between cake bottom and pan bottom and loosen. Dust with confectioner’s sugar and serve.
Additionally you can garnish with candied oranges. In a large skillet, combine 1 ½ cups of water and ½ cup of sugar and bring to a boil. Add one naval orange sliced horizontally into ¼ inch slices and cook over medium heat, turning slices occasionally, until the liquid is reduced to syrup and the orange slices are translucent, about 30 minutes. Transfer the orange slices to a rack to cool. Reserve the syrup for another use. Once the orange slices are cool, layer them on top of the cake after you dust it with powdered sugar.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Note: you can use any combination of root vegetables you wish as long as they total approximately four pounds.
In a large bowl, mix all ingredients until well combined and all of the vegetables are completely covered in olive oil and herbs. Pour the mixture onto a large sheet pan or roasting pan in a single layer.
Roast for 20 minutes without stirring. Flip vegetables over and roast for 20 more minutes. Flip again and roast for the final 20 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
Remove from oven and add more salt and pepper if needed. Serve immediately.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment mix flour, salt, dry milk, sugar and yeast.
Add egg, butter and 1 ½ cups of the water and mix to combine.
Slowly add some or all of the remaining ¼ cup of water to form a soft subtle dough. It should be slightly tacky. If needed, add a little more flour to get the correct consistency.
Knead the dough with a dough hook or by hand for 6-8 minutes. Pull out a piece after 6 minutes and stretch it flat and see if you can see through the stretched dough without it breaking. This is called the windowpane test. If not, knead for two more minutes.
Oil a large bowl, coat the dough ball in the oil and cover with plastic wrap.
Ferment in a warm place (80 degrees is ideal) for 1 ½ to 2 hours or until doubled in size.
Roll the dough into a log and cut into 18 pieces. Cut in half then each half in thirds then each third into thirds for a total of 18 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball by pulling the dough to a center point and pinching. Then place seam down on the counter, mist with a little spray oil, cover with a towel and let rest 20 minutes.
After 20 minutes transfer to two parchment lined sheet pans, nine per pan evenly spaced.
Mist with spray oil, cover with a towel or plastic and proof 90 minutes or until doubled in size.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Remove towel or plastic and brush the tops with the egg wash, being careful to not let it drip down to the pan.
Bake rolls for 15 minutes or until golden brown and try not to eat them all before serving.


Cut off wing tips and freeze for 
Run a sharp knife down between the joint of the chicken wing and separate the wingette from drumette.
Mix all spices in a large bowl and add cut up chicken pieces. Mix and toss to coat and place in a gallon zip lock bag overnight.
The following day, preheat grill to medium. These wings are good on their own or dipped in a little BBQ sauce during the last ten minutes of cooking. The sauce is optional. Simply cook them for 20-30 minutes on an oiled medium grill until done. If you want to use a little sauce at the end, follow the steps below.
Line a grill pan with foil with a little foil ridge around the outside and set aside.
Have a large bowl standing by.
Heat grill to medium high and brush grates with a little vegetable oil. Place wings on oiled grates and grill 20 minutes turning often and keeping lid shut between turns.
At this point, you can eat the wings simply grilled with the spice rub flavorings.
Or, if you prefer your wings sauced, transfer the wing to a large bowl and pour the optional BBQ sauce over the wings. Toss the wings to coat and pour out onto the foil lined grill pan and place back on the grill and close the lid. After five minutes, flip each one and close the lid again. After five more minutes remove.
Serve with plenty of napkins.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Place sweet potatoe(s) in the oven on a sheet of foil (to catch any drips while cooking) and bake for 90 minutes. Remove and cool slightly; peel off and discard skin.
While the sweet potato is cooking, peel and boil the Yukon gold potatoes until tender. Drain and place on the same pan as the sweet potatoes. Bake in the oven with the sweet potato for 10-15 minutes to dry out. Remove both potatoes from the oven and cool.
Reduce oven temperature to 375.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, place both cooked and cooled potatoes along with egg yolks, butter, salt, pepper, nutmeg and heavy cream. Using whip attachment, whip until smooth.
Place mixture into a 16-inch pastry bag with a large star tip and pipe onto a parchment lined sheet pan making 18 little mounds, swirling around as you build each to the top.
Mix the whole egg with a little water and gently brush on each mound without disturbing the nice swirl pattern.
Bake for 25-30 minutes or until slightly browned. Serve immediately.


In a large bowl, mix flour and black pepper together with a fork. Cut in shortening and mix to pea sized crumbs. Make a well in the center and add beaten eggs and half the water. Mix by hand and keep adding water until a dough forms. (I should note that the traditional crust for this sort of savory pie is a stiff hard crust, not a flaky crust so the next step is contrary to the usual way to make a pie crust but is needed for the crust to be stiff). Knead the dough on the counter for 5-7 minutes, wrap in plastic and let rest for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees
While dough is resting, in a large bowl, mix all filling ingredients except fresh cheese and prosciutto. Break fresh cheese apart with your hands and gently work it into mixture without over mixing. Set mixture aside.
Take ⅔ of the dough and roll out to fit your dish or pan, having it cover the bottom and sides, spilling over the top. Lay half the sliced prosciutto on the bottom right over the dough, then cover with the filling. Lay the second half of the prosciutto over the filling.
Roll out the other ⅓ portion of the dough and cover the top of the pie, trimming excess. Crimp the edges together tight using a fork to press the two edges together. For the traditional Easter pie, take the excess dough, roll out and cut two dough strips and form a cross on the top of the pie. (Or any other decoration you feel that fits your needs)
Make egg wash with the egg and milk and brush all over pie top including the cross and the edges.
Make four slits through pie top to let steam escapes.
Place in the center of the oven and bake for 30 minutes. Lower heat to 350 and bake for 30 more minutes. Lower heat to 300 and bake for 30 more minutes. If not browned enough, bake for 10 more minutes.
Cool to room temperature, chill for six hours and serve cold wedges.
Will last for up to five days refrigerated.


In a medium bowl, mix cabbage, scallions, carrots and cilantro.
Add dipping sauce and toss.
Serve immediately.


Add chocolate chips, sugar and eggs. Pulse for about 30 seconds until ingredients are mixed and chocolate chips are cut into smaller pieces.
Pour in scalding hot milk and Kahlua. Blend at medium speed until mixture is very smooth and chocolate chips have melted completely.
Pour into small serving glasses (we filled 10 small dessert glasses) and chill until firm.
Garnish with whipped cream before serving.


Lightly spray each ramekin with non-stick cooking spray.
Add 2 eggs to each ramekin and beat well with a fork. (Alternately, in a small to medium bowl, beat the twelve eggs and divide evenly between the six prepared ramekins.)
Add the filling ingredients and cheese depending on which version you will be making (see below for recommended flavor pairings) and gently stir to combine.
Place filled egg cup in microwave one at a time, cover and heat on high for 30 seconds. Remove, stir and place back in the microwave uncovered and heat on high for 45 – 60 seconds or until puffed up and cooked in the center. If the center of the eggs are a little wet, remove them anyway as they will continue to cook in the hot dish. (Be careful as the ramekins get hot so use pot holders).
Repeat for the remaining egg cups and serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Place the boneless chicken breasts in a foil-lined baking dish. Sprinkle herbs, salt and pepper generously over the top of the breasts and roast until cooked through and tender, approximately 20-25 minutes.
While the chicken roasts, in a saucepan with a lid, melt butter over medium high heat then add carrots, onion and celery and sauté until tender – approximately 5 minutes. Add rice and sauté for two more minutes stirring often. Add bay leaf, pour in chicken stock and bring to a boil. Cover with lid and reduce heat to a simmer, cooking rice until tender (approximately 12 minutes.) When rice is tender, add peas and stir. Cover and allow to sit for a few minutes in order for the peas to heat through. Remove and discard bay leaf.
Remove chicken from the oven and place on a cutting board. Pour juices from roasted chicken into the pot of rice and vegetable. Cut chicken breasts into bite-sized chunks, then stir into rice.
Add salt and pepper to taste if desired. Serve immediately


In a large bowl place soft bread cubes and cover with milk and tomato juice. Let soak for ten minutes then use your hands to make a mash out of the bread or beat with a fork.
Add all other ingredients and gently combine. Try not to over work the mixture.
Line a sheet tray with parchment paper and spray the pan with kitchen pan spray. Set aside.
Place a second tray or cutting board next to a small bowl of water. This will be used to scoop meatballs. (Once all are scooped, they will be rolled and neatly placed on parchment lined sheet tray.)
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Using a medium scoop like this onep
Once all of the balls have been scooped, wet your hands lightly and roll each meatball into a ball and place on prepared sheet tray. Keep hands moist but not too wet otherwise the meatballs will get too soft and not keep their shape.
Once the tray is full, place in preheated oven for 25 minutes. Remove, cool and place each meatball on a second tray lined with parchment. As you remove each ball, wipe off sides so they are nice and clean before freezing. Also make sure you pick a tray that fill fit in your freezer.
Freeze overnight or until firm, then remove to a gallon zip lock bag and freeze the bag of meatballs.
As needed, just pull as many as you need for your quick meal.


Cut salmon in half to form two equal portions and place in appropriate sized bowl.
In a small bowl, mix Dijon, soy, brown sugar and 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Pour half of marinade over salmon and let sit at room temperature for 1 hour. Reserve the remaining marinade – it will be used as a sauce when serving the salmon.
In a medium to large sauté pan, heat remaining tablespoon of oil over medium to medium high heat and place salmon skin side down. Discard marinade that fish was sitting in. Brown 1-2 minutes and turn one quarter turn and brown salmon side 1-2 minutes. Continue this method until the fish has been turned and browned on all sides and ends back on skin down (four turns). Lower heat to low, cover and cook four minutes until done. Poke the top; if it doesn’t spring back, it needs to cook for longer. (We prefer our salmon slightly rare which reduced the final cooking time to three minutes for our two pieces.)
Serve immediately and spoon reserved marinade over the fish. (Do not use the marinade that touched the uncooked salmon as a sauce.)


In a large skillet with a tight fitting lid, fill half full of water.
Peel potatoes (if using small new red potatoes, no need to peel) and cut into wedges about the same size as a steak fry. Place in water as you cut. Place pan on stove and bring to a boil, then lower to a medium boil and boil for five minutes. Potato wedges should still have a good bite. They will be cooked again later. With a strainer, remove to a plate. Discard water.
Wipe out the pan and add the olive oil. Heat over medium high and add the sausage pieces. Brown on both sides, then reduce heat and continue to cook and turn until they are cooked through. Remove to a medium bowl.
Add onions and peppers and sauté for about 8-10 minutes or until the peppers just start to lose their crunch. Add the stock and stir to loosen up any brown bits from the pan. Pour this mixture in the bowl with the sausages.
Add butter to pan and add seasoned salt, garlic powder, oregano and paprika. Place drained partially cooked potatoes in butter mixture and toss lightly to coat both sides then cook until potatoes are browned and cooked through, turning occasionally to brown both sides.
Add the sausage, peppers and onions back with the potatoes and stir lightly without breaking up the potatoes and serve.




Combine Napa cabbage, bok choy and pepper strips in a large bowl.
In a small bowl, whisk together toasted sesame oil and rice vinegar.
Just before serving, toss the cabbage mixture with the oil and vinegar mixture. Serve immediately.


Place everything in a large bowl and stir with a whisk until well mixed.
Refrigerate until ready to use.


Place stock in a large pot.
If using baby bok choy, cut into bite sized pieces and place all in with stock. If using regular bok choy, cut leaves and a little of the tops of the stalks into bite sized pieces. Discard bottoms or save for another recipe.
Place remaining ingredients into the pot and bring to a boil. Boil gently for three minutes, then turn off heat.
Let sit for five minutes, then serve. (Told you it was simple.)


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Mix all ingredients in a bowl and pour into a one quart casserole dish.
Bake uncovered 25 minutes and turn off oven. Let mixture sit in the oven for five more minutes and serve with Doritos.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Trim the top off the head of garlic and place it in a doubled sheet of aluminum foil. Pour the one tablespoon of oil over the cut top, wrap the sides of the foil up and pinch closed.
Roast for one hour.
In a blender, squeeze out the roasted garlic from the skins and discard the skins. Add all other ingredients and puree for one minute, or until completely blended.
Refrigerate until ready to use.
Note: Mixture thickens when chilled. When ready to use, bring to room temperature and pour over cut romaine, croutons and additional Parmesan cheese for a delicious Caesar salad.
Also, this mixture makes a great marinade. Just spread over boneless chicken and seal in a zip lock bag overnight. The next day grill chicken on your outdoor grill.


Bring 
On a floured surface, flatten dough to a 12-14 inch round. Cover with plastic and dish towel again and let sit for another 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, lay out slices of eggplant and liberally salt each side. This process draws out the bitterness of the eggplant. Let them sit on the counter for 30 minutes. You will see moisture being drawn out. After 30 minutes, rinse them under water to remove salt and bitter liquid.
On a plate or in a bowl, mix the ½ cup of flour, salt and pepper. Then dip eggplant into this mixture, coating both sides. Shake off excess flour.
Heat the large skillet over high heat with the ½ inch of vegetable oil to 375 degrees. When oil is hot, lay eggplant slices into oil and cook on both sides until brown (about 1 ½ minutes per side). Remove to a paper towel to drain.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees and in middle rack, place your pizza stone.
On a pizza peel, sprinkle corn meal over surface. Lay pizza dough round onto peel.
Carefully spread 
Sprinkle most of the shredded mozzarella over sauce but leave a small amount to sprinkle over finished pizza.
Sprinkle minced garlic, basil and oregano over cheese and then lay eggplant slices over all. Sprinkle the remaining cheese over top.
Drizzle a little oil over top and slide pizza from peel onto the stone and set timer for 7 minutes. After 7 minutes check pizza bottom for browning with a pair of tongs and cook 1-2 more minutes only if needed.
Cut and serve with a nice tall cold beer. (Hopefully in a clean glass)


About an hour before frying, trim ends of each eggplant then slice the long way into four or five thick slices. Leave skins on. Turn and slice again into strips. I got about 30 fries per eggplant. Lay them out flat on your cutting board or counter and sprinkle both sides with the tablespoon of kosher salt. Then let sit for an hour. This will draw out any bitterness. After the hour, place in a bowl and cover with cold ice water.
In a large bowl, mix the flour, 1 teaspoon of the sea salt, garlic powder, onion powder, oregano and basil.
Place a large pot on the stove and fill half way with the oil. Heat to 345 degrees F using a candy thermometer. This seems like an odd temperature but you actually drop down to 325 degrees F as you fry which is what you want.
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. This will be used to keep the fries hot as you cook each batch.
Drain the ice water from the eggplant but do not pat dry. While still wet dredge them all in the rice flour mixture and then place on a tray.
Cooking in batches, fry for about 4-5 minutes or until they just start to brown. They will not get dark amber like a French fry would but more of a light golden color. Using a spider or strainer, remove to a tray with paper towels and generously sprinkle with the remaining sea salt. Let the oil get back to 345 degrees before starting the next batch.
As each batch is cooked, place on a pan and hold in the oven until all the fries have been cooked.
Enjoy with 


After peeling and slicing the eggplant into 15 equal slices, lay them flat on your cutting board and sprinkle both sides with salt. (Don’t worry about over salting as it will get washed off later; this salting process draws out the bitterness of the eggplant.) Allow the slices to sit for 1 ½ to up to 2 hours at room temperature. Put the slices in a strainer and wash off the salt and the bitter liquid; pat the slices dry with paper towels.
Lay out three large bowls. Place flour, salt and pepper in the first and stir. Place eggs and milk in the second and whisk well. Place the seasoned bread crumbs in the third. Have a plate at the end of the row to collect the breaded slices.
Dip each slice of eggplant in flour and shake and tap off excess. Then dip in egg wash and finally in bread crumbs – coating both sides with all steps. Place on collection plate. Repeat until all eggplant is breaded.
In a 14” skillet, heat the oil to 350 degrees. (Using a candy thermometer is helpful to ensure you get to the correct temperature.)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Once the oil is hot, cook the eggplant in three batches. Cook for 1 to 1 ½ minutes on each side until golden brown. Remove to paper towels to drain. Lightly salt each slice as they come out of the hot oil.
When you are done, you should have a collection of eggplant slices that are large, medium and small in diameter. Separate them into three sizes with five in each pile. Pour one cup of 
Sprinkle each slice with a teaspoon of Parmesan and a tablespoon of sauce. Cut Fontina into five portions and place a slice onto each eggplant circle. Then layer the medium slices on top of the Fontina. Cover each pile with another teaspoon of Parmesan, a tablespoon of tomato sauce and split the Romano between the five portions. Add final small slice on each of the five portions and top with a teaspoon of Parmesan on each and ¼ cup of tomato sauce on each. Divide the fresh mozzarella between the five portions and lay over the top.
Insert a skewer or a tooth pick (without frills) into the center of each so they don’t slide apart while baking.
Cook your pasta according to package directions while eggplant is baking.
Cover the pan or dish with a sheet of parchment paper and a sheet of foil, shiny side facing the food. Seal tight around the edges and bake for 25 minutes. Uncover and bake for 5 minutes more. (The shiny side of foil reflects the heat so I always put dull side up.)
Once the dish is done, let them sit for five minutes to set up. Remove the tooth picks and serve with pasta and 


Sauté onions in oil over medium heat for 4 minutes or until translucent. Add garlic and sauté for one minute. Add tomato paste and sauté for an additional minute. Add all other ingredients and bring to a simmer and cook for about five minutes to blend flavors.
With an emulsion blender or in a blender, puree until smooth.


Cut the cod into strips about 8-10 inches long and about 2 inches around. We bought one large 1 ½ pound filet and cut eight equal pieces. (We cut the filet in half so we had two equal pieces and then cut four strips from each piece). Roll the cod strips in a half cup of flour in a medium bowl. Shake off excess and set aside.
In a medium to large bowl, place the remaining 1 ½ cups of flour, baking soda, salt, pepper, vinegar,
Add the honey, beer, and pickle juice. Beat with a whisk as you pour in the lemon lime seltzer until the batter is the consistency of a light pancake batter. Set aside.
Roll the cut potatoes on paper towels until dry.
Heat oven to 250 degrees.
In a cast iron skillet, fill ¾ full with Canola oil. (Whatever is not used can be strained later and reused for another recipe).
Heat the oil to 325 degrees using a candy thermometer to check the temperature of the oil. Cook the fries in two batches just until cooked but not browned, about four minutes per batch. Set aside on a plate, they will be crisped later.
Bring the oil to 350 degrees.
Dip the floured cod into the batter and with tongs, let drip slightly, then lay the battered fish into the hot oil gently. The fish will rise after a few seconds so don’t drop the whole piece in, just hold half in while the submerged half rises, then let the other half gently slip into the oil. Cook on one side and then flip using tongs or spider; about four to five minutes total. Cook in batches so the temperature of the oil does not drop too far. As each batch cooks, place on a sheet pan and hold in the oven.
Once the last piece is cooked and the temperature of the oil is back up to 350 degree, drop in half the fries and cook until crisp. Place on the pan with fish and salt as they come out of the oil. Cook the second batch of fries and place with the rest on the pan.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
To make the crust: Butter a 9 inch deep dish pie plate with the cold butter. In a food processor, pulverize the Oreos into crumbs. Pour crumbs into a mixing bowl and add the melted butter, stirring until fully combined. Pour the crumbs and butter mixture into the pie plate and press to evenly spread the crumbs across the bottom of the plate and up the sides. Press the crumbs firmly in place. Bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool and refrigerate.
To make the mousse: In a mixing bowl, cream the butter and sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add the eggs and mix until just blended. Add in the cream, cooled melted chocolate, and vanilla and mix until smooth. Pour into the chilled pie crust and then chill for one hour.
To make the espresso cream: In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar and corn starch and set aside. In a second small bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and ¼ cup of the milk. Set aside. In a third small bowl, combine the gelatin and water. (Stir if necessary so that the gelatin fully dissolves.) Set aside.
In a small saucepan, combine the remaining 1-¼ cups milk and the espresso. Heat over medium high heat just until small bubbles start to form around the edges of the milk—but do not allow the milk to boil. If you are using espresso beans, strain the mixture (it’s ok if some of the espresso bean grinds remain but you want to strain out most of them). If you are using the instant espresso, no draining is necessary.
Whisk the sugar and cornstarch mixture into the milk. Add a few tablespoons of the milk mixture into the egg mixture to warm it up (this is called tempering and it will prevent the eggs from cooking and turning into scrambled eggs!); then add the egg mixture to the rest of the milk mixture in the pan. Cook the milk-egg mixture on medium heat until it thickens up slightly (about 2-3 minutes). Add the gelatin mixture and stir well until the gelatin is fully dissolved.
Remove the pan from the heat and pour into a bowl. Place this bowl over a larger bowl of ice water (this is called an ice bath) and stir constantly to cool and thicken some more (do not allow any of the ice water to get into the milk mixture). Keep stirring every few minutes to keep the mixture smooth.
In a large bowl, whip the heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Fold the espresso cream and whipped cream together until incorporated. Refrigerate about 30 minutes until cold.
Pour the espresso cream mixture over the mousse in the prepared pie crust and chill for 2 hours to set up before serving. (May be refrigerated overnight as well.)


Mix all ingredients together and serve. (The sesame seeds will float to the top of the dressing so shake before each use.)


Cut the beef into large pieces if they are not already cut into tips.
Mix all other ingredients in a bowl but only use half the oil, salt and pepper. Reserve the remainder for just before grilling.
In a zip lock bag, place tips and marinade and marinate overnight or at least six hours.
Prior to grilling, drain well and discard marinade. Dry the tips with paper towels.
Pre-heat grill to medium high.
Coat tips in remaining oil (2 tablespoons), salt (1/2 teaspoon) and pepper (1/4 teaspoon) and grill about two minutes on each side for medium rare. (Note: Cooking time may vary depending on the heat output of your grill and/or if you cook these in a grillpan on the stove.)


To make the crust, place the flour, salt, cold butter, cold cheese, sugar and egg yolk in a food processor and pulse ten times.
Add up to four tablespoons of ice water and pulse as you add. The mixture will be a bit crumbly but should come together if you reach in a pinch a little in your hand.
Pour out onto a piece of plastic wrap and using the sides of the plastic, pull together into a ball. Wrap and press into a disc shape. Refrigerate for at least one hour. This can be done a day in advance.
While the dough is resting, make the filling.
Place the butter in a heavy bottomed Dutch oven and melt over medium heat.
Peel and core the apples and pears and slice into ¼ inch slices and add to the butter. Add the cranberries to the apples and pears.
Add the both sugars and flour and stir to combine.
Cover and simmer gently for 5 minutes. Remove cover and stir gently and cook for 5 more minutes, being careful that the mixture does not stick to the bottom. The mixture should be thick and creamy and the fruit still a bit hard.
Pour the hot filling onto a sheet pan and cool to room temperature. (I put mine in the refrigerator to cool quicker).
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Place a sheet of foil on the rack below to catch any drips. Ours dripped a small amount.
Lightly dust your counter and roll out the dough to two inches wider than a 9 ½ or 10” deep dish pie plate (2” deep).
Place the dough into the pie dish and pinch all overhanging dough across the outer rim. Then make attractive fluting with your thumb and forefinger.
Pour the cooled fruit mixture into the prepared pie dish.
Mix the softened butter, flour, brown sugar, white sugar, salt and cinnamon in a bowl and spread over the top of the filling.
Bake for 15 minutes at 425 degrees F then lower to 350 degrees F and continue to bake for about 35 to 40 minutes longer or until the fruit is tender when poked with a knife and the top has browned.
Cool completely before serving. We chilled ours overnight.


Place husked ear of corn over a bundt pan to hold in place and catch kernels, and using the 
Cut one half of the squash into four strips lengthwise and with the 
In a medium nonstick pot over medium high heat, melt butter and add squash, corn and onions. Sauté for four minutes, then add flour. Stir and cook one minute. Drain the potatoes, then add them into the pot along with stock, sage, white beans, and seasoned salt. Increase heat to high.
Once the mixture comes to a boil, lower to a medium but brisk boil and cook uncovered stirring occasionally for 10-12 minutes or until potatoes are tender.
Remove pot from the heat and add cream. Stir to combine and serve with toasted Ciabatta bread spread with a little butter.






To cook the farro, in a medium saucepan, combine farro, ¼ teaspoon salt and water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cover. Cook until farro is tender, about 60-70 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.
While the farro is cooking, also prepare the vinaigrette by whisking together the tarragon, olive oil, vinegar, mustard, sugar, salt and pepper.
After the farro has cooled a bit, in a large bowl, combine farro, grapes, radicchio, celery and scallions.
Pour vinaigrette over the farro mixture and toss to coat. Sprinkle goat cheese on top and serve.


In a medium sauce pan, place farro and two cups of the vegetable stock. Bring to a boil, reduce to low, cover and cook 45-60 minutes depending on how you like it cooked. (We like ours with a little bit of chew and took ours off the heat at 50 minutes.)
While farro is cooking, in a large skillet over medium low heat, melt butter and add onions. Cook, turning occasionally until they are cooked and just starting to brown.
Add squash, apple, and sage and sautee; over medium heat for 3 minutes. Add last cup of vegetable stock and cook only until squash is tender (Do not overcook. You want the squash to hold its shape and not melt into the dish).
Add kale, cranberries and Romano cheese and toss just until combined and kale is starting to wilt. (No more than 2 or 3 minutes). Remove from heat and serve immediately.
Serve with additional Romano cheese sprinkled over the top.


In a tall cup (ideally the one that comes with an immersion blender), add in the mustard, vinegar, sugar, salt, pepper and herbs to taste. Whisk with a fork to combine just slightly.
Add the olive oil and blend using the immersion blender until completely combined and thickened.
Adjust seasonings to taste.
Cover until ready to use.
(Note: As noted above, if you do not have an immersion blender, this can also be made by whisking all of the ingredients by hand until thickened.)


Bring a medium pan of water to a boil, ¾ full and squeeze ½ of a lemon into it.
Fill a large bowl with ice water and squeeze second half of lemon in and stir.
When water comes to a boil, place sliced Napa cabbage and sliced fennel into hot water and blanch 30 seconds. Remove from hot water and plunge in ice water bath. Once cool remove to drain. Keep ice bath for next step.
Cut apples to match stick size pieces leaving skin on and place in ice bath as you cut. Work fast as Granny Smith apples brown quickly. I cut my apple in half after removing core and left one half in the water until I was done slicing the first half.
Drain apples and discard water bath and ice.
With a handful of paper towels, squeeze all water from drained cabbage and apples until the mixture is as dry as you can get it. Add this to a large bowl.
Add red cabbage, celery, carrots, cranberries, raisins and scallions.
In a small bowl, place mayonnaise and all other ingredients and mix. Taste this and if seasoning needs to be adjusted, add to your taste.
Now add wet mixture to dry mixture and mix to combine.
Let slaw sit refrigerated for one hour to blend flavors.
When ready to serve, mix again and serve.


MICROWAVE butter and marshmallows in large microwaveable bowl on HIGH 1 ½ to 2 minutes or until marshmallows are puffed. Add dry gelatin mix; stir until blended.
ADD to popcorn in large bowl; toss to coat.
SHAPE into 16 balls with greased or moistened hands. Cool completely.


A quick note before you begin making the ice ring: Cranberries and mint leaves float – so for best results, you want to freeze this ring in layers so that the juice and colors of the fruit and herb are interspersed throughout.
Place some fresh cranberries and mint leaves in the bottom of a bundt pan. Gently pour some DOLE® Canned Pineapple Juice into the bundt pan – just enough to create a thin layer at the bottom of the pan so that the cranberries and mint leaves are surrounded by juice. Freeze until firm – about 1 hour.
Continue adding cranberries, mint leaves and pineapple juice to the bundt pan – freezing in 1-inch (or so) layers of juice until you’ve added the 46-ounce can of juice. For reference, we made about 4 layers of pineapple juice, cranberries and mint for our ice ring.
Freeze until completely firm or over night.
To remove the ice ring from the metal bundt pan, dip the bottom of the bundt pan into a bowl of hot water (being careful not to get water into ring). Place a plate over the bundt pan and invert until your ice rings slides out. Keep frozen until added to your punch.
Combine DOLE® Canned Pineapple Juice, cranberry juice cocktail, and ginger ale in a large punch bowl. Stir gently to combine.
Gently place in the prepared, frozen Ice Ring.
Garnish with fresh cranberries and mint leaves as desired.


Cut each tomato into slices (do not peel). With your fingers, remove seeds and discard. Dice the remaining tomato slice. Place the tomatoes in a sieve over a bowl, sprinkle with salt and let drain for at least 30 minutes. (This step can be done well ahead of time.)
In a large saucepan, bring some salted water to a boil.
While the pasta water is heating up – in a large cast-iron skillet, heat the butter and sprinkle with flour. Add the cream and bring to a boil. Reduce heat slightly and let simmer until the cream is reduced by about ⅓rd or until it coats the back of spoon dipped into the mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Then add garlic and basil and set aside.
Add the fettuccine to the boiling water and cook until just tender. Drain and add to the cream mixture in the skillet.
Place the skillet over low heat, heating the fettuccine in the sauce without letting the sauce come back to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the drained diced tomatoes and the fresh parsley. Toss to combine. Sprinkle with freshly grated parmesan cheese and serve immediately.


Combine cranberries, oranges, sugar and water in a large saucepan and cook over medium-low heat until sugar has dissolved (about 30 seconds).
Increase heat to medium and boil until cranberries pop and start to thicken slightly, about 5 to 8 minutes.
Stir in serrano chile and lime zest.
Cool completely, stir in cilantro before serving.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a medium bowl, mix butter, flour and brown sugar to form a dough. Press evenly into a 9X13 glass baking dish. Bake for 10 minutes and remove and cool completely. (I placed mine in the refrigerator to speed cooling).
To make the filling, combine all ingredients in a medium bowl.
Once the crust has cooled, spread the filling over the crust evenly to the edges and bake for 30 minutes.
Remove from oven and cool. It puffs up a bit then settles down as it cools. Cut into 24 squares and serve.


Pat steaks dry with paper towels and set aside.
While steaks are coming to room temperature, prepare sauce.
Chop mushroom to a small dice.
In a medium sauté pan over high, heat 1 teaspoon of butter and the one tablespoon of olive oil to hot.
Add mushrooms and sauté on high for two minutes. Reduce to medium high and add whole fresh thyme and whole fresh rosemary and push them to the bottom. Add salt and pepper. Continue to cook until mushrooms are browned, about three more minutes.
Add wine to deglaze and cook until no liquid is left.
Add stock and cook to reduce to less than half. (Should only be a few tablespoons of liquid left).
Remove from heat and stir in remaining butter to thicken sauce. If the sauce is too loose, mix a tiny bit of corn starch with a few drops of water and add to the sauce over heat. Set sauce aside off heat.
Heat a ribbed pan over high heat.
While pan is heating, dry steaks again and brush on olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Repeat for the other side.
Once pan is smoking hot, add steaks and do not touch for two minutes. Turn steaks 180 degrees on same side so that cross marks will appear on steaks. Cook for 1 ½ more minutes (total 3 ½ minutes on one side).
Flip and cook for one minute, then turn the heat to low, Keep steaks on that side and loosely tent pan with foil and cook on low for about 5 minutes or until a probe thermometer inserted into center returns a temperature of 125 degrees for medium rare. Or cook longer for your preference of doneness.
If the steaks are not exactly the same thickness, pull the thinner steak off sooner than the other. Our steaks were slightly different in thickness. One was done in nine minutes and one in ten minutes.
Let them rest on a plate tented for a few minutes.
Heat the already prepared 
Add ¼ cup water to the steak pan and deglaze to a single tablespoon and add that to the wine sauce along with any juice in the dish with the steaks. Heat the wine sauce to serving temperature.
To serve, spoon some 


Four to five hours before serving (or the day before), or made the day before, in a 6 quart pot, place pork bones, garlic, onion, ginger, tomato and jalapeño. Fill the pot with water and bring to a boil.
Skim off foam, lower to a simmer and cook for three hours, adding more water as needed to end with one quart of stock. (We added water twice, so check each hour or so.)
Strain and discard solids. If making day before, refrigerate and remove solidified fat and discard. If using same day, skim off and discard fat with a ladle.
Drain and rinse beans.
In a medium pot or large sauce pan, place stock and rinsed beans and bring to a boil. Reduce to a fast simmer and cook 30 minutes partially covered.
Lower to a low temperature, cover tightly and cook 30 to 45 minutes more or until beans are tender. There will be a little liquid left which should be served with the beans.
Taste and add salt, pepper and optional hot sauce to your liking.
Plan to cook white rice according to package directions to be done when beans are done.
Serve beans over the white rice with (optional) sriracha on top.


Begin cooking rice by adding twice as much water as rice to a pan or rice pot. Cook rice while preparing the dish.
In a large skillet or sauté pan, over medium to medium high heat, place 2 tablespoons of olive oil and once shimmering, add potato and carrots.
Fry this for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. They should start to brown and be just shy of tender. Remove these to a bowl with a slotted spoon but leave oil in pan.
Add remaining tablespoon of oil and onion and sauté for three minutes.
Add garlic and sauté for one minute.
Add the ground beef and ground pork and sauté for about eight minutes or until browned.
Make a hole in the center and add tomato paste and stir that for one minute.
Add the tomatoes, salt, pepper, raisins, fish sauce, soy sauce, chili garlic paste, water and reserved cooked potato and carrot mixture.
Reduce heat to medium and simmer until most of the liquid has evaporated.
Add peas, stir and remove from heat.
In a fry pan, fry enough sunny side or over easy eggs as needed for each dinner guest.
Serve by placing cooked white rice in a serving bowl, top with the Picadillo then top with one fried egg on top of each portion.
Serve with Tabasco on the side along with Savory Fried Plantains.


Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.
Peel squash and cut into half inch thick slices. Doesn’t matter how big the slices are as they will be diced after roasting.
In a small bowl mix squash with two tablespoons of oil, half teaspoon of salt and quarter teaspoon of pepper.
Spray a small sheet pan with pan spray then line with a cut piece of parchment paper. The spray will stop the paper from sticking to the pan as the squash roasts, making for easy cleanup. Pour the squash onto the pan in a single layer and roast close to bottom of oven for 25 minutes, flipping half way through. The high heat will put a nice roasted surface on the outside while the center cooks. Remove from oven, cool and cut into bite sized pieces. Set aside.
Pour both cans of the Hunts Fire Roasted Diced Tomatoes into a strainer over a bowl to drain but do not discard liquid.
While squash is roasting, heat a four quart pan over medium high heat with two tablespoons of oil and add leeks. Stir and cook until the leeks are no longer raw but not fully cooked, about two to three minutes.
Add garlic, kale and half the thyme, reduce to medium and cook for four to five minutes, or until kale starts to wilt.
Add last tablespoon of oil and dry barley and stir and cook for three minutes.
Add wine to deglaze pan bottom. This will splatter so use caution.
Keep the pan between medium and medium high and add the reserved tomato liquid but leave tomatoes in strainer over bowl. (More liquid will drain which may be used to reheat leftovers.) Cook kale mixture until all of this liquid has been absorbed. Then add one cup of broth. Stir and cook until absorbed then add one of cup of milk. Again cook and stir until absorbed then alternate between broth and milk until it is all used, making sure not to add each cup until the previous cup is absorbed. This process will take about 30-35 minutes.
Test a grain of barley for doneness at 30 minutes. If it is still not quite tender, add a little more reserved tomato liquid and cook until the barley is tender but still has a slightly crunchy chew feel.
Stir in the Hunts Fire Roasted Diced Tomatoes, remove from heat, cover and let rest ten minutes to heat through.
Adjust seasoning then stir in squash, butter, cheese and remaining fresh thyme.
Serve warm with additional shaved Parmesan cheese over the top.


Skin fish and rove all traces of bones and dark meat. With my 1 ½ pound filet, I had a little over one pound after cleaning the fish. Cut into small strips about 2-3 inches long and about ½ inch wide. In a bowl of pie plate, roll fish strips with ½ cup of the flour. Shake excess and hold refrigerated until you are ready to cook.
The best method for preparing this dish is to have all of the ingredients prepared in advance so that the last thing you do is make the batter and fry the fish.
Slice the beets into thin strips and set aside along with the red onions and shredded Napa cabbage.
Mix all of the ingredients for the taco sauce in a small bowl and set aside.
In a wok or heavy bottomed pan, heat canola oil to 350.
While oil is heating mix all batter ingredients to a smooth thin pancake batter like consistency.
Line a plate with paper towels. Using tongs, dip each floured piece of fish in the batter, let excess drip off and place in hot oil. Cook a few minutes on each side until golden brown and crispy. Remove to paper towels to drain.
If you prefer, wrap tortilla shells in wet paper towels and microwave for a few seconds on high to heat them up. Use oven mitts to remove as wet towels will produce steam and get hot.
To assemble, place a little sauce onto warmed tortilla, and then lay two to three pieces of fish and top with shredded cabbage, slivers of 


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a medium bowl, mix flaxseed, flour, baking powder, salt, pepper, onion powder, garlic powder and oregano. In a separate container mix milk and oil. Add the wet to the dry and mix by hand until a dough is formed.
Roll out between two sheets of wax paper to 9x18 inches. Cut into 36 pieces by cutting into two 9x9 inch sheets and cutting 18 strips out of each sheet. They should be between 1/16 and ⅛ inch thick.
Twist each one and place on an ungreased sheet pan(s) and bake 10 minutes. Remove and turn each one over and bake for another ten minutes.
Let cool on pans.
May be stored in an airtight container for up to 5 days (but they are so delicious, they won't last that long!)


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large bowl with a wooden spoon, mix peanut butter, coconut sugar, eggs and vanilla until thoroughly combined.
Line two sheet trays with parchment paper.
Scoop out 36 balls just under an ounce each. I used a number 40 scoop. Place 18 on each pan and with a dinner fork, press fork marks into each cookie.
Sprinkle with a little sea salt (or kosher salt if you can not get sea salt).
Bake five minutes, turn pan and bake five more. The bottoms will be slightly browned and the cookies will be very soft. Let rest on pan for five minutes to set up then using a spatula, move to a cooling rack to finish cooling. They will firm up as they cool.
Note, if you are baking both pans at once, the baking time may be a little longer than ten minutes.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, sift flour with salt and yeast.
Turn on low and slowly add water and oil to form a sticky mass.
Switch to the dough hook and increase speed to medium and work the dough for six minutes. The dough should pull away from the sides but stick to the bottom with the mixer on. If it pulls away from the bottom, add a small amount of water, if it sticks to the sides, add a small amount of flour.
Generously dust counter and with a wet bowl scraper, scrape the very soft dough onto the flour. Coat your hands with flour and shape into a triangle about 8X4. Let sit untouched for five minutes.
Spray the top with pan spray and dust with flour, then cover with plastic and let sit 30 minutes.
After 30 minutes, stretch the dough with your hands by pulling to the left and right so it is three times as long, then fold each over onto the middle so it is roughly the same size before you stretched. Again mist with pan spray and dust with flour and cover with plastic.
After 30 minutes repeat the process. Each time, maintain a rectangle shape.
After 30 more minutes repeat the process again only this time let it sit for one hour.
While the dough rests 
Cover a 12x17-inch sheet pan with parchment paper then brush just enough olive oil to coat the paper.
Gently lift the dough into the pan with a bench scraper and start pushing it to the edges with the tips of your fingers. When you are done, the dough should have finger marks all throughout (called dimpling) and should not be perfectly even and flat. Also don’t worry if it doesn’t fit exactly into the corners. A rustic look is what we are going for here.
Spoon ¼ cup of 
The next day three hours before baking, pull the foccaia dough from the refrigerator and allow to sit at room temperature for three hours. Remove and discard the plastic wrap after the three hours.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees F with the rack in the center of the oven.
Place focaccia into oven and reduce temperature to 450 degrees F.
Bake ten minutes, turn pan and bake five minutes more. Remove from oven and sprinkle with the grated cheese and place back in the oven for five more minutes.
Remove from oven and slide the bread out of the hot pan onto a rack to cool.
Note: We found that as soon as it comes out of the oven, if you place another sheet pan on top and weight it down with something heavy, the focaccia will be more dense after it cools and have an even thickness. After 10-15 minutes, remove pan and weight and slide the bread onto a cooling rack.
If you cool without the weight, it will be high in the center and shallow on the edges. We made two and tried both ways and like the one that we weighted down better. It just had a better mouth feel but totally up to you.
Once cool enough to handle, cut into however many pieces you wish (we did 3x5 for 15 slices).
Serve with 


In a 2-quart sauce pan with tight fitting cover, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add orzo and rice and toss and stir for five minutes until orzo has browned. Remove to a bowl and hold for later.
Add butter to hot pan and add onions, celery, carrots and garlic and cook for five minutes.
Add reserved browned rice and orzo, stock, water, bay leaves, salt, pepper and currants. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce to low heat.
Cook covered for 25 minutes on low. Remove from heat and let sit five minutes.
While rice is cooking, coarsely chop pecans and toast in a dry sauté pan over medium heat for about five minutes to brown.
After the rice sits for five minutes, stir in toasted pecans and serve.


In the bowl of a food processor, combine all ingredients except the oil. Process for about 2 minutes, or until all of the sugar is dissolved.
With the motor of the food processor running, slowly add the oil to the bowl in a steady stream. Once the oil is incorporated, turn off the food processor and taste – adjusting the seasonings to your taste if necessary.
Transfer to a carafe and cover. Refrigerate for about an hour before serving.
May be stored in the refrigerator for up to 10 days.


To slice the onions, cut off root and stem end then cut in half vertically. Cut each half in half again, cutting vertically so you have four thick slices. Now cut slices, staying with the grain, about ¼ to ½ inch thick.
In a large heavy bottomed pot such as a Dutch oven, melt butter and oil over medium low heat. Add onions and stir once. Do not touch again for 15 minutes.
After 15 minutes, stir and do not touch again for another 15 minutes.
Move heat to medium and cook 15 or more minutes until onions are nice and browned and caramelized. Watch closely at this point so they do not get too dark or stick to the bottom. Add a little water if they are sticking.
While onions are cooking, place parsley stems, dried thyme leaves, dried tarragon leaves and the bay leaf onto cheese cloth. Wrap tightly and tie with a string. Hold for later.
Add garlic to onions and cook for one minute.
Add brandy and cook to evaporate.
Add stock and herb bag. Cover loosely and simmer for 45 minutes.
Add salt and pepper as needed.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place oven proof bowls or crocks into a baking pan and pour hot tap water about half way up outsides of bowls.
Discard herb bag and divide soup between bowls or crocks. (Number of servings depends on size of your bowls or crocks. The finished soup is roughly 8 cups).
Slice French bread into half inch slices and cover the tops of each bowl, overlapping bread slices if needed.
Divide cheese between bowls by covering the tops of the bread.
Place pan with water and soup crocks in oven and cook for 20 minutes.
To get the tops browned and bubbly, place crocks under broiler for a few minutes.
Serve hot and bubbly.


Preheat the oven to 475 degrees. Lightly grease a 9" springform pan (or a 9" deep dish pie plate may be used).
To make the crust, cream together the butter, ⅓ cup sugar and the one teaspoon vanilla in a bowl. Add the flour and beat to mix well – the mixture will resemble coarse crumbs. Evenly spread the mixture in the pan and press down to completely cover the bottom.
To prepare the filling, beat together the cream cheese, ¼ cup of sugar, egg and ½ teaspoon vanilla until smooth. Pour the filling over the uncooked crust and gently spread until it evenly covers the crust.
In a medium bowl, toss the peeled and sliced apples with the remaining ¼ cup of sugar and Apple Pie Spice. Arrange the apples over the cream cheese layer in a pinwheel design, starting from the outside edge and working toward the middle of the pan.
Any extra apples can be piled on top of the others. Sprinkle the top evenly with the almonds.
Bake at 475 for 10 minutes. Lower the heat to 375 degrees and bake for 25 minutes. Finally, lower the heat to 350 degrees and bake for 20 minutes more.
Remove from oven and let cool before serving.


Slice the carrots into diagonal slices.
Fill a saucepan with about ½ to ¾ of an inch of water and place a 
Place the carrots into the steamer. Cover the saucepan and bring the water to a boil.
Reduce the heat and simmer for 7-10 minutes (depending on the thickness of your carrot slices) or until fork tender.
Drain the carrots in a colander and return carrots to saucepan, adding the butter and dill. Stir to coat and serve immediately.


Stem cherries but not pit the cherries.
In a medium to large pan, placed stemmed cherries, sugar, mint and water and bring to a boil. Reduce to a fast simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Remove six cherries for garnish and set aside. With a potato masher, mash the remaining cherries. Continue to cook for ten more minutes. Strain, mashing as much liquid from the pulp as possible and discard the solids. You should be left with about three cups of liquid. Cool this mixture completely.
In a cocktail glass, place a few mint sprigs with a little crushed ice and mash with a wooden pestle or the back of a wooden spoon. You are trying to release some of the oils from the mint. Fill the rest of the glass with cubed ice. Add four ounces of the cherry liquid. Add four ounces of the bottled grapefruit juice but pour over the back of a spoon so the two liquids stay separated and three ounces of spiced rum poured over a spoon again to keep the three liquids separate for visual appeal. (Add more rum if you like it strong).
Garnish with one of the reserved cooked and cooled cherries, top with a mint sprig and place a straw or cocktail stirrer into the glass. The guest drinking the cocktail will mix the contents with the straw or stirrer.


In a medium saucepan, combine all ingredients. Over medium heat, bring to a boil stirring occasionally.
Let the mixture boil for about three minutes, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for another 2 minutes.
Remove the cherry mixture from the heat and allow to cool slightly before serving.
Store any leftovers in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Warm the sauce again before serving.


Place pitted and skinned peaches, along with cut up pineapple, in the freezer for 2-3 hours until hard but not solid.
Place partially frozen fruit in a blender with all other ingredients and puree until smooth.


Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
Grease and flour a 10-inch Bundt pan (10-12 cups).
In a medium bowl, sift together 2 ¼ cups of flour, baking soda and salt. Add in the lemon zest and stir to mix throughout. Set aside.
In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Then mix in one tablespoon of the lemon juice.
Add in about one cup of the flour mixture to the butter mixture, blending just until incorporated. Then add in about ½ cup of the yogurt, again blending just until incorporated. Continue alternating adding in the flour mixture and yogurt until combined.
Sprinkle the remaining ¼ cup of flour over the diced strawberries and stir to coat. Then fold the strawberries into the batter so that they are evenly mixed throughout – but be careful not to over mix the batter.
Pour the batter into the prepared Bundt pan and place the pan in the oven. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees and bake for 50 to 60 minutes (depending upon your oven) or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Allow the cake to cool in the pan for 20-30 minutes, and then gently turn the cake out onto a rack to fully cool.
Once the cake has cooled, in a small bowl, combine the powdered sugar and the remaining 2 tablespoons of lemon juice. Whisk to combine. Drizzle evenly over the top of the cooled cake.


About 4-6 hours before baking (or overnight), place the cut up tomatoes in a colander or strainer over a bowl and sprinkle generously with the salt. Stir to combine. Allow the tomatoes to drain their liquid, stirring occasionally and gently pressing down on the tomatoes (use a large spoon or a small flat bowl to press the tomatoes against the sieve but not too hard that you mash them), until the tomatoes are very well drained. Blot with a paper towel if necessary to remove extra moisture or squeeze in paper towels.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a medium pot, heat butter over medium high heat and sauté onions and garlic for 3 minutes.
Reduce to medium and add flour and stir frequently for 3 more minutes.
Microwave cream to hot but not scalding (necessary to avoid lumps). Add this to onion and flour mixture and stir with a whip to combine.
Add salt, pepper, mustard, nutmeg and Tobasco sauce. Stir and remove from the heat.
In a 9 inch round, 3 inch deep casserole dish, spray inside with pan spray. Then ladle a small amount of the sauce to coat bottom of pan ( about ⅓ cup).
Then begin layering half of the tomatoes, half of the remaining sauce, half the cheese, all of the chopped basil, the other half of the tomatoes, the other half of the cheese and the rest of the sauce.
In a small bowl, mix panko crumbs, butter and paprika and sprinkle on top of casserole.
Bake uncovered for 30 minutes, then let rest for 15 minutes to set up before serving.


Place parsley, vinegar, water, garlic, mustard, salt and pepper into blender and process until smooth. With motor running, drizzle in oil. Set mixture aside.
In a medium to large sauce pan follow package instructions to cook linguini but four minutes prior to pasta being done, place in carrots and turnip and continue cooking until pasta is done and vegetables are tender.
Drain, rinse under cold water and drain again.
In a large bowl, combine pasta and vegetable mixture with uncooked zucchini, bell pepper, peas, Swiss cheese and dressing.
Mix, cool and serve.


Core and slice the tomatoes horizontally into ¼ inch slices. Lay out on a sheet pan covered with paper towels. Sprinkle the teaspoon of salt over both sides and let tomatoes sit for 30 minutes, turning once.
Prepare three medium bowls. Place flour, salt, pepper, garlic and thyme in one, eggs and buttermilk whipped into the second bowl, and both types of cornmeal and bread crumbs into the third bowl.
Place a cast iron skillet over a burner and fill half to three quarters full with the oil.
Dice the scallion garnish and set aside.
Mix all dip ingredients and set aside.
Heat the oil to no more than 350 degrees F. Too hot and they will burn before cooking through. If the temperature drops to 325 F that is fine. Just keep it between 325 and 350 degrees F.
Dredge the tomato slices first in the flour mixture, then the egg mixture then the corn meal mixture, patting the breading so it stays. Once you have all of them breaded, begin frying in 2-3 batches. They will sink then float. Once they float and turn golden, remove with a strainer or spider to paper towels to drain, about 3-5 minutes.
Serve hot with the dipping sauce.


In a small sauce pan over low heat, cook the preserves, wine and sage for five minutes to blend flavors. Remove from the heat and let it come to room temperature. It will thicken back up to a jelly consistency. If not thick enough, refrigerate for a short time.
Remove rind if any and cut the cheese wedge into ¼ inch slices (about 12 slices total from one 6-ounce wedge).
In medium bowls, place flour and paprika in one, egg and milk in a a second and the seasoned breadcrumbs in the third. Mix the flour and paprika together and mix the egg and milk together. Start with a few pieces of cheese at a time and dip in flour and shake off excess, dip in egg then in bread crumbs. Make sure all surfaces are coated completely. If any spots show, place back in bread crumbs to coat. Repeat for remainder of the cheese.
In a medium heavy bottomed pan, heat oil to 350 degrees. Cook cheese in two batches letting oil get back to temperature between batches. Cook cheese in oil for a minute or less. You want to just get a nice brown coating and need to remove it before it cracks and breaks apart. Dry slightly on paper towels.
To serve, place a few cheese sticks, a few apricot slices and a small ramekin of the dipping sauce on individual plates. Garnish with a sage leaf. You can also place on a small serving platter and let your guests serve themselves.


With a mixer, combine cream cheese, orange juice and pudding mix until well blended. Gently stir in drained fruit cocktail.
Shape into two small or one large ball. Wrap the ball(s) in plastic wrap and place into a rounded bowl similar in size to the shape of your ball. Chill for several hours until firm.
When ready to serve, place the almonds in a shallow bowl and carefully roll the fruit and cheese ball in the nuts to evenly coat. Place the ball on a serving platter, sprinkling more of the nuts as needed to coat the fruit and cheese.
Serve with crackers.


Combine all ingredients in a bowl.
Cover and chill for 1 to 2 hours before serving.
Serve alongside our 


In a large bowl, mash banana with a fork or potato masher until creamy.
Add the peanut butter, agave and vanilla and whip until completely incorporated.
Add all other ingredients and combine with a wooden spoon.
Cover tightly and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Spray a 12 cup muffin pan with kitchen pan spray and divide the mixture between the 12 cups using an ice cream scoop.
Using a tart stamper (
Bake for 20 minutes turning pan half way through.
Remove from oven and let sit cooling on a rack still in the muffin tin for 10 minutes.
With a small knife, run around the inside of the tin to loosen then lift out. Some little bits may stick, but they all should come out relatively clean and whole.
Cool completely on a wire rack and when ready to serve, fill with yogurt, your favorite fruit and drizzle with honey and dust with cinnamon.


Place a pot of water on to boil and lay out a sheet pan and a large bowl of ice water. Lay out a second sheet pan with parchment paper for baking.
Pull off stem and make an X on the opposite end of each tomato with a sharp knife.
Work in batches of 8-10 tomatoes at a time and drop them into the hot water. After about a minute, the skin will start to peel. Remove them with a spider or strainer and plunge into the ice bath. Then remove from the ice water onto the sheet pan and peel off and discard skins. Repeat for all of the tomatoes.
On a cutting board, split each tomato the long way for plum and horizontally for regular round tomatoes.
Scoop out the seeds and pull off the stem. Lay the tomato half cut side up on the prepared parchment lined sheet pan. (For the round tomatoes, squeeze over a bowl and reach a finger up into each seed cavity to release the seeds.) Leave the core in but remove after baking.
Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.
Once all of the tomatoes are skinned and seeded and are on the parchment lined sheet pan, drizzle the tops with the olive oil and sprinkle the salt, pepper and pepper flakes over the tomatoes.
Bake for between two and three hours depending on the water content of the tomatoes. High water content tomatoes will take the full three hours. When you check them, they should just barely be starting to dry out but still be moist and supple. Do not over cook them otherwise they will dry out and stick to the pan. If you see a lot of water collecting on the pan, pour that off.
Remove from the oven and cool.
Place in a bowl and add fresh basil and toss. Can be served hot or cold with any meat or fish.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, mix sweet potato, mushroom, fennel, carrots, beans, thyme, salt, pepper and ¼ cup of olive oil.
Mix and pour out onto a sheet pan and bake 10 minutes, flip vegetables and bake for ten more minutes. Remove from oven and hold.
In a large skillet, add 2 tablespoons of the oil, bay leaves, and onions and cook for three minutes over medium high.
Add garlic and zucchini and sauté two minutes.
Add roasted peppers and tomato paste and cook for one minute.
Add wine and reduce by half.
Add roasted vegetables along with tomato juice, basil, vinegar, Worcestershire and sugar.
Cook on a medium simmer for ten minutes or until vegetables are tender.
Add spinach and adjust seasoning if needed.
If using polenta, serve hot ragout over portions of cooked polenta.




Preheat broiler.
In a small sauce pan over medium heat, place oil and garlic and sauté; stirring continually for five minutes. Remove just as the garlic is starting to turn tan in color and pour mixture into a medium bowl.
Add one cup of the softened butter, parsley, Romano, salt and pepper. Stir vigorously to combine.
Cut Italian bread from end to end horizontally down the center so you have a full top half and full bottom half.
Melt the one tablespoon of butter and brush each cut side.
Lay out a large sheet of foil large enough to wrap around both halves but don’t wrap yet. Line a sheet tray with it, letting any excess hang off the ends and sides.
Place buttered bread cut side up and broil just for one minute. You want a nice golden brown look.
Remove from broiler and preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Spread ¾ of the garlic butter across the cut toasted bread, saving the remaining butter to serve with the garlic bread.
Now close the top and bottoms together and wrap the foil up around tight. At this point, you could save this for later by refrigerating. Just bring to room temperature first and continue below.
Place pan in preheated oven with rack close to top and heat for ten minutes.
Remove, place on cutting board and cut into thick strips. Serve with the remaining garlic butter mixture.


Place skewers in a pan of water and weigh down so they are submerged.
In a dry sauté pan over medium heat, toast the cashews until slightly brown and set aside. Place orzo in same pan and toss and stir for about five or so minutes to brown. Set aside.
Peel the shrimp leaving on the tail portion and lay out in a platter or cutting board.
Mix the spices to make the dry rub and set aside 4 teaspoons. Sprinkle the remaining rub on both sides of the shrimp. Let sit refrigerated for one hour.
After one hour, remove skewers from water and place five to six shrimp on each skewer. Slide a second skewers in so each set has two skewers. This will keep the shrimp from spinning as you flip them. Once all the shrimp have been skewered, set aside at room temperature.
In a medium Dutch oven, melt butter in olive oil over medium high to high heat. Add onions, carrots, shallots and either celery root or jicama and stir. Cook three minutes until they just start to become tender. Add rice and cook for two more minutes stirring often. Add vermouth and 4 teaspoons of the spice rub you made earlier for the shrimp and stir. Cook to evaporate the vermouth. Add toasted orzo, chicken stock and bay leaves. Bring to a boil, cover and simmer on low for 15 minutes covered.
Once 15 minutes have passed, remove rice from heat but leave covered.
Heat a grill pan to hot, spray with pan spray and lay shrimp out on pan to grill. After about a minute and a half, flip and grill the other side for about the same time. Do not overcook.
To serve, fluff rice with a fork and place on a platter and top with skewered shrimp. Then sprinkle with chopped parsley and toasted cashews.


Take each leaf of kale and run a sharp knife down both sides of rib, starting at fat end and sliding the knife down. Repeat for the entire bunch and discard ribs. Then roughly cut the leaves into large pieces and place in a colander and run cold water over leaves. Do not shake out excess water, just leave the leaves in the colander in your sink.
Heat a large sauté pan over medium high heat and add both oils.
Add garlic and cook for one minute, stirring often.
Place the kale into the hot pan with whatever water is still stuck to the leaves.
Cook for one minute, flip and cook for one minute more.
Flavor with a few drops of hot sauce. Salt and pepper to taste and serve.


Cut the cucumber, peppers, tomatoes and onion into 1-inch cubes.
In a food processor, pulse the cucumber until coarsely chopped. (Do not over-process – you want some texture from the vegetables in your finished gazpacho.) Pour the chopped cucumber into a very large bowl.
Repeat this process for each vegetable – separately chopping the peppers until coarse, then the tomatoes, then the onion – and pour each processed vegetable into the same large bowl.
Add the garlic, tomato juice, vinegar, olive oil, salt and pepper. Mix well.
Take about 3 cups of the mixture and pour it back into the food processor. Process until pureed. Pour the pureed mixture back into the bowl and mix again. Note: This step is optional – you can leave your gazpacho chunky if you like. We prefer ours slightly more pureed – but not completely processed.
Chill in the refrigerator for a few hours before serving.
When ready to serve, spoon into a soup bowl and add a dollop of sour cream for garnish (optional).




Place figs, vinegar and jam in a small saucepan and heat gently for 3-4 minutes, spooning liquid over quartered figs. Remove from heat and set aside.
Dry toast the pecans or walnuts in dry fry pan for 3-4 minutes over medium heat until lightly browned. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, mix greens with a small amount of 
Place dressed salad on salad plates. Place a pile of prosciutto in center. Arrange fig quarters, pineapple chunks and nuts around plate. Drizzle remaining fig sauce over each salad and top with feta cheese.


In a large sauté pan, melt butter in two tablespoons of oil over medium heat.
Add bell pepper, onions and garlic and sauté for 8-10 minutes to caramelize the vegetables.
Pour this into a large slow cooker.
Heat the pan to medium high and add the remaining oil.
Add sausage meat, ground beef and ground bison meat and cook until meat has browned.
Scrape all of this into the slow cooker with the vegetables.
Then add all other ingredients to the slow cooker except the lime, cheddar and crackers.
Stir, cover and set slow cooker to low and cook for five hours.
Stir after five hours and add lime juice into the cooked chili.
To serve, dish out into bowls, top with cheddar cheese and serve with the saltine crackers.


In a large bowl, mix whole eggs with egg whites until blended.
Add melted manna or olive oil or butter, salt, coconut flour, baking powder, arrow root and fresh herbs.
Mix thoroughly with a whisk then let mixture sit for five minutes. Then whip again. This is necessary so the flour absorbs the liquid.
Using a flat griddle pan or crepe pan, heat over medium low to low heat. But let the pan fully heat before starting to ensure that the pan is very hot.
Once hot, spray or brush on some oil and pour about a third of a cup of batter onto pan and then cover with a glass lid . The lid helps retain the heat (like a mini oven) to cook the bread and using a glass lid will help you see when to turn the flat bread.
After 3-4 minutes, you should see the edges dry and bubbles forming in batter. With a spatula, lift an edge and check. If golden, flip, cover and cook the other side about 2-3 more minutes, or until slightly browned and cooked through.
Transfer to a platter and continue cooking the remainder of the batter. (Note: I used two pans so I could cook two at a time and found the timing to be slightly different between the two pans, mostly because one pan was thicker than the other, therefore your cooking time will vary depending on your cookware, burner type and heating source.)
Once cooked, these are great served warm with sandwich ingredients folded in half like a piece of pita bread.


In a medium sauce pan, heat vegetable stock until boiling. Add quinoa, cover and lower heat to low. Cook 12 minutes and then remove from heat. Leave cover on for another 15 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and pulse till paste consistency. Place in a large bowl.
In a large skillet, melt vegetable shortening over medium high heat and add onion and red pepper. Cook until tender, about 3-4 minutes. Add garlic and spinach and toss until spinach is just wilted. Pour into a food processor and pulse until roughly chopped. Transfer to the large bowl.
Heat the same pan over medium high and heat olive oil. Once hot, add mushrooms and cook 4-5 minutes until tender. Pulse until chopped but not pureed. Transfer to the large bowl.
Add the shredded carrots, to the large bowl.
Pulse nuts in food processor until finely chopped but not pureed. Add to the large bowl.
Pulse the rolled oats until a course powder. Add to the large bowl.
Place flax seed in food processor and process for one to two minutes until the seeds have split. Add to the large bowl.
Pulse the dry mushrooms until they resemble a grainy powder and add to the large bowl.
Place the Chex in the food processor and process until fine. Add to the large bowl.
Pulse the drained and rinsed hominy in the food processor until chopped fine but not pureed. Add to the large bowl.
To the large bowl, add salt, pepper, paprika, thyme, oregano, mayonnaise, beaten egg and Kitchen Bouquet.
With a wooden spoon, mix all ingredients until well combined. Form into 16 four ounce patties and place on a parchment lined sheet pan or other pan that will fit in your freezer. Freeze then wrap for later use.
To cook, place a little oil or pan spray in a pan and cook the patty over medium heat like a burger, about three to four minutes per side if cooking from frozen. Serve as you would a burger by topping with cheese or other burger toppings such as lettuce and tomato.
If you will be cooking and not freezing, let patties firm up in the refrigerator for an hour then cook using the same method, except cook them for fewer minutes per side.


In a small dry pan, toast the pine nuts over medium heat until lightly golden brown. Remove from the heat and pour onto a plate to cool. (The nuts will continue to cook after you remove them from the heat so be sure that you don’t let them brown too much – they can easily burn!)
Line a 2 cup bowl (try to use a bowl with sharply sloped sides) with a piece of plastic wrap. (Be sure to cut a large enough piece of plastic wrap that you have several inches of plastic wrap extended over the sides of the bowl.)
In a large mixing bowl with a fork, mash together the goat cheese, ¼ cup of cream, salt and a few grinds of black pepper and mix until well blended. If the goat cheese seems very dry, add up to another ¼ cup of cream – you want the mixture to be soft but not soggy.
Spoon about ⅓rd of the goat cheese into the lined bowl, pressing down gently with a spoon to pack the cheese into an even layer. The spread the 
Fold the plastic wrap edges over the top of the final layer of cheese and gently pack down. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes (may be refrigerated for longer).
About a ½ hour before serving, remove the terrine from the refrigerator. Place the bowl in a shallow bowl of very warm water for about 30 seconds (you only want the warm water to go halfway up the bowl). Then pull on the edges of the plastic wrap to loosen the terrine from the bowl.
Place your serving dish over the glass bowl, making sure that the plastic edges are not under the terrine. Then invert the terrine onto your serving dish. If the terrine does not slide out immediately, leave it inverted for about a minute to allow the weight of the terrine to break the suction in the bottom of the bowl. If it still doesn’t come out, try placing the bowl in warm water again and repeat the above steps.
Once the terrine is out, gently peel off the plastic wrap. Drizzle with a little olive oil and let sit for half an hour to warm up. Sprinkle with the remaining pine nuts and some freshly ground black pepper. Serve with crackers or sliced bread.


In a mini food processor (
In another large bowl, blend potato flakes, Parmesan, garlic powder, salt and paprika. Set aside.
Line a sheet tray with foil and preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Rinse and pat dry chicken pieces. One at a time dip in the celery puree and mayonnaise mixture, then the potato flake mixture and set on prepared pan, skin side up. Discard any leftover coating.
Lightly spray the tops of each piece with non-stick cooking spray, then bake for 35-40 minutes until golden browned and cooked through.




Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Spray a 9X13 baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
Trim any visible fat from the chicken breasts.
Mix 
Spread breadcrumbs out on a plate.
Dip chicken in mayonnaise mixture on both sides until well coated. Shake off any excess. Then lay chicken in breadcrumbs turning to coat on both sides.
Place breasts in prepared pan. Spray the top of the chicken with cooking spray until crumbs are coated. (There is enough fat in the mayonnaise that you don’t need any more fat to coat the crumbs so cooking spray works really well to help the bread crumbs brown while baking.)
Bake at 425 degrees until cooked through, about 20-25 minutes. Cooking time will vary depending on thickness of breast.
Note: Use the “poke test” to test for doneness. If you poke the thickest part with your finger and it bounces back, it is done. Or, use a probe thermometer inserted into thickest part of the breast and remove from the oven when the internal temperature reaches 155-160 degrees. It will cook a little longer out of the oven with a final temperature of 165 degrees.


Depending on how thick your flank steak is, you may have to butterfly the meat (run a long sharp knife horizontal to meat and board from one end to the other so you end up with two equal flat pieces) If the piece of flank is too thin to butterfly then pounding to desired thickness will do. Regardless, either method will still require further pounding to get the meat to the desired thinness.
Cut cross marks every 2-3 inches on the beef against the grain about half way through. Cover with plastic and pound to about ¼ - ½ inch thick.
In a small food chopper or mill, make a paste out of 
In a small bowl, mix prosciutto, pesto and Romano. Add pureed salt pork mixture and mix.
Sprinkle pounded beef with salt and pepper and spread filling on meat, leaving one long edge free. Roll ending on side with no filling and finish with seam side down.
Then, cut beef into six separate rolls. Using butcher’s twine, seal each end of each roll.
Place olive oil in 10 quart Dutch oven and heat over medium to medium high heat. Brown braciole rolls until browned on all sides. About 2-3 minutes per side. Set seared beef aside.
In same pan, lower heat to medium and add slice garlic, basil, mint and red pepper flakes. Cook for only a minute or less until garlic just starts to turn color.
Add tomatoes, water, bay leaves, salt and pepper. Reduce to low heat to simmer. Ideally, place a 
Bring to a simmer and place seared beef into sauce. Cover slightly and simmer gently for 90 minutes.
Remove beef, clip off strings and cut each piece into about four slices for serving. (Alternately the individual rolls may be served as a portion without slicing.)
At this point, you have a choice. During cooking, a lot of the fat from the salt pork will float to the top. Remove it if you don’t want all of that pork fat in the sauce (although the flavor is fantastic!). We ladled off about half of it and stirred the rest into the sauce. Puree the sauce with an immersion blender if you used whole canned tomatoes. If the sauce is too acidic for you, add a little butter to smooth out the flavor. Serve beef and sauce over your favorite cooked pasta.


In a large bowl, sift both flours, salt, baking powder and cinnamon. Pour entire bag of granola into bowl and toss with a large spoon to coat.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat butter for two minutes. Add both sugars and beat for one minute.
Add egg and vanilla and beat to combine.
With mixer on low, slowly add dry to wet until batter is thick like a cookie dough. Pour in the chocolate chips and mix a few turns to incorporate the chips.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Line three cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Use a small scoop to measure out 1 ¼ - 1 ½ ounce portions, 12 per pan. Do not press down.
Bake one pan at a time in top third of oven for 13 minutes per pan. The cookies will look like they are not fully baked but will set up as they cool. Do not over bake.
Let sit on pan for two minutes then slide parchment off pan onto cooling rack.
Let sit on cooling rack until completely set.
In a microwave, melt chocolate. Pour into a small disposable pastry bag with no tip and cut a very small end off.
Using a back and forth motion, drizzle the chocolate over all of the cookies. One 4-ounce bar is just enough to cover all 36 cookies.


In a large bowl, mix Grape-Nuts cereal, buttermilk and raisins and let sit for 15 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
After 15 minutes, add baking soda to grape nut mixture and stir.
In a medium bowl, sift sugar, flour and baking powder and stir into grape nut mixture. Use a wooden spoon for this, the dough is very dense and sticky.
Grease and flour a loaf pan and place dough into pan, pushing to edges.
Place in center of oven and set timer for 50 minutes. If it is browning too quickly, cover with foil and continue baking for 10 more minutes. Test loaf by inserting a tooth pick in center to see if it pulls out clean and tap the bread to see if has a hollow sound. If not quite there, bake for another five to ten additional minutes.
Let cool in pan for a few minutes then remove to a cooling rack.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Heat milk in saucepan with cinnamon stick, vanilla, nutmeg and malted milk powder and heat until scalded - this is 180 degrees measured by using a probe thermometer. (If you don't have a probe thermometer, this is hot but not to a boil.) Scalding the milk will help infuse the flavors of the cinnamon, vanilla, nutmeg and malt and also lessen the baking time.
Add the Grape Nuts cereal to the milk mixture and let sit for ten minutes.
In a large bowl, beat eggs and egg yolk. Add both sugars and salt and beat again to mix.
Remove the cinnamon stick from the milk and discard.
Add a small amount of hot milk to the eggs, beating constantly as you go. (This is called tempering or bringing the egg temperature slowly up so that they do not cook and become scrambled eggs.) As soon as the eggs are tempered (close to the same temperature as the milk), add the remaining milk and Grape Nuts.
Butter a medium casserole dish (ours was 7 ½” round by 3” deep but you can use any size you wish and alter the cooking time.) Pour all contents into the buttered dish and sprinkle lightly with cinnamon and nutmeg.
Place the filled casserole dish into a larger pan and fill hot water up and around the outside of the glass dish until the water is halfway up. (See our How-To Bake Using a Water Bath 
Place the pan in the oven and bake for ninety minutes or until a paring knife or tooth pick inserted in the center comes out clean. Again, the cooking time will vary greatly depending on the size of your baking dish - a 9x13-inch glass dish should take approximately 50 minutes to cook. Let cool for ten minutes before serving.
Scoop into serving dishes and top with fig sauce. May also be served with ice cream or whipped cream.
Combine all five ingredients into a sauce pan, bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for five minutes. Heat longer for a thicker consistency.


Line a 9X9 pan with plastic wrap and spray with nonstick pan spray. Set aside.
In a large bowl, place great grains cereal and wheat germ. Set aside.
In a food processor, process figs until roughly pureed (still a little chunky). Add to cereal and toss to completely disperse figs into cereal mixture.
In a small sauce pan, heat honey, sugar, butter, vanilla and salt until butter has melted and sugar has dissolved. Pour into cereal mixture and quickly mix to combine.
Pour mixture into prepared pan and press down firmly with a strong spatula.
Cover and refrigerate for two or more hours to set up.
Cut down the center then either five or six strips the other way to make 10 or 12 bars. Keep refrigerated.


Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Pound out each chicken breast to ⅛th inch thickness.
In a small sauté pan over medium heat, sauté garlic in 1 tablespoon of the olive oil for 1-2 minutes. Do not brown. Set aside.
Sprinkle each chicken breast with salt and pepper. Spread feta evenly between the four breasts, leaving the two long edges clear. Sprinkle the oregano, lemon zest and cooked garlic and oil equally between the four breasts, leaving the edges clear.
Roll like a jelly roll and finish seam side down. With butchers twine, tie off each end and then make one or two ties in the center depending on the length of the roll.
In a large oven proof skillet, over medium high heat, place the remaining two tablespoons of olive oil and heat to hot. Add the four chicken rolls and brown turning to brown each side, about 2-3 minutes per side. After you turn the chicken to the last side, place the pan in the oven and roast for 5-10 minutes or until an internal thermometer inserted into the center of the largest roll reaches 140 degrees.
Remove the pan from the oven and leave the oven mitt on the handle to remind you that the handle is hot. Remove the chicken to a platter to rest.
Heat the pan over medium high heat and add the lemon juice scraping up bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the wine and cook to reduce wine to almost the point of total evaporation. Add the chicken stock and cook to reduce by half. Add the butter and stir just until melted. Add any liquid that has accumulated on the platter.
Slice cooked rolls on the bias and place back on your platter. Pour pan sauce over top and reserved minced fresh oregano. Garnish platter with lemon wedges.


Place all stock ingredients into a large pot, bring to a boil and simmer uncovered for four hours.
Strain stock and hold. You should have about 2 quarts. Separate meat from solids. Set meat aside and discard solids.
In a large pot, add stock and additional quart of purchased stock for a total of three quarts. Bring to a boil.
Add orzo and boil on medium for ten minutes.
Use a wire whip and slowly add beaten eggs while stirring liquid so eggs form shreds in the stock. Cook for 30 seconds then add cooked chicken, lemon juice, lemon zest and fresh spinach. Bring to a boil and then remove from heat.
Adjust seasoning if needed and serve.


Heat olive oil in a medium pan with a tightly fitting cover over medium high heat. Sauté onions until translucent (about 5-7 minutes). Add garlic and sauté for another minute.
Add the lemon zest, cumin and spinach and cover the pan. Cook until the spinach wilts down (about 3-5 minutes).
Stir the rice, vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons of the dill, salt and pepper into the spinach mixture and stir to combine. Bring to a boil.
Reduce the heat to a simmer, replacing the lid on the pan, and cook until the rice is tender (about 15 to 20 minutes –follow your rice’s package instructions).
Stir in the lemon juice and the remaining fresh dill before serving.


In blender, add all of the dressing ingredients in except oil.
Turn the blender on low speed, and very slowly add the olive oil in a drizzle until the entire cup of oil has been added.
Serve with our 


To prepare the salad,
In a large bowl toss lettuce, cucumber, celery and red onion.
Add ¼ cup of the 
Lay tomato wedges across the top and sides of dressed lettuce.
Add olives and pepperoncini.
Sprinkle feta across top and place cut meat in center.
To serve, portion on to individual plates or bowls and pour on additional dressing as desired.
Serve with sliced Italian or French bread.


In a large skillet over medium high heat add oil and once hot add onions, garlic and mushrooms. Sauté until vegetables are almost tender but still have a little crunch.
Add beans, tomatoes, pepper flakes, oregano, salt and pepper. Cook for five minutes to combine flavors and to reduce the liquid.
Add spinach and cook just to wilt then add lemon juice and half the feta. Cook just to heat the mixture and remove to a serving bowl.
Top with remaining feta cheese and serve.


In a small bowl, add 3 tablespoons cold water. Sprinkle the gelatin powder on the water, and stir to combine. Let sit for 10 minutes to allow the gelatin to fully dissolve.
In the meantime, in a medium bowl, whisk together half (1½ cups) of the heavy cream, the yogurt and the vanilla extract – mixing well to combine. Remove the seeds from the vanilla bean (cut the bean lengthwise with a sharp knife and then use the tip of the knife to scrape the seeds out of the bean); add vanilla seeds to the cream mixture.
In a small pan, heat the other 1½ cups of heavy cream and the sugar over medium heat. When the mixture comes to a simmer, remove from the heat and stir in the dissolved gelatin. Stir until completely dissolved. Add the hot cream-gelatin mixture to the cold cream mixture and mix well.
Pour the mixture into decorative serving glasses, ramekins or custard cups (or a single, wide flat bowl will also work if you do not have ramekins) and chill until cold. Once the panna cottas are completely chilled, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight (or at least another 6 hours).


Prepare the 
Place sliced onions in cold water and let soak for ten minutes. Drain and dry completely with paper towels. Place back in dried bowl and add corn starch and toss to coat.
Heat oil about halfway up the sides of a cast iron skillet to 350 degrees F using a 
Cook onions in batches for 2-3 minutes per batch until golden, using tongs and a 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Place a low wide sauté pan over high heat and add stock and beans. Try to lay beans flat in the liquid.
Boil uncovered until the liquid has completely evaporated and remove from heat, about ten minutes. (Note: after baking, the beans will be soft. If you like them a little crispy, only blanch them for five minutes.)
In a 1 ½ quart casserole dish, place blanched beans, mushroom soup mix and sprinkle with optional cheddar cheese.
Bake uncovered for 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with the crispy onions and serve.


Trim the stems from each bean.
In a medium to large pot with a tight fitting lid, place a steamer basket (
Add trimmed beans and steam over a medium boil for five minutes. (If you like them a little softer cook for an additional few minutes but the longer they cook, the lighter green they become). Lift steamer basket with beans to a plate to cool and drain. Pour the remaining liquid into a container to hold.
In a medium sauté pan over medium heat, dry toast sliced almonds until slightly golden brown. Pour out of pan to a plate to cool in a single layer. Set aside.
In the large pot used to steam the beans, add one teaspoon of butter over medium high and add shallots. Cook for about three minutes until translucent but not browned.
Add reserved vermouth liquid, lemon juice, salt and pepper and reduce to about three tablespoons.
Remove from heat and stir in cold butter until a nice sauce forms.
Add beans and heat and toss to bring the beans back up to serving temperature and then pour into a serving platter. Add more salt and pepper only if needed.
Top with toasted almonds and serve.


Fill a 3 quart sauce pan approximately ½ full with salted water and bring to a boil.
Drop trimmed green beans into the water and bring back up to a boil. Cook gently for 5-6 minutes or until tender.
Drain the green beans and return to the pan, adding butter, chopped tarragon, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Stir to melt the butter and combine. Serve immediately.


In a large Dutch oven over medium high heat, sauté pancetta in olive oil until browned, about 4-5 minutes. Add carrots, onions, leeks and bell pepper and sauté 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute. Add green tomatoes, lentils, broth, bay leaves, salt, pepper, cilantro, sriracha and Worcestershire sauce. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer uncovered 20 minutes stirring occasionally.
Remove from heat and with an emulsion blender puree until almost smooth, or puree in small batches in a blender. Add cream, red tomatoes and ham. Stir, taste and adjust for seasoning.
To serve, ladle into bowl and top each portion with a dollop of Crème fraîche, reserved diced red tomatoes and a sprig of cilantro.


In a small sauce pan, bring vinegar to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer until reduced by half (15-20 minutes). Remove from heat and add molasses and black pepper.
Cut the peaches following the natural line that circles the fruit. Cut all the way down to the pit and just run the knife right around keeping the blade against the pit. Gently grab each half and twist in opposite directions. Then pop the stone out with a paring knife or a spoon.
Heat the grill to medium. Keep glaze warm so it does not harden up.
Brush each cut side with oil and place cut down on the grill. Grill for about 2 minutes and flip. Brush the cooked tops with the glaze and cook for about two more minutes. Remove to a platter and brush on more of the glaze.
Serve with extra glaze on the side.


In a small sauce pan combine rum, molasses, butter and lime juice and heat and stir just until butter melts into sauce. Remove from heat.
Rub the banana slices and pineapple with the oil and grill on a medium fire for two minutes. Flip and brush with the rum glaze. Cook for one more minute and remove to a platter. Brush with more glaze.
Serve each person two banana halves, one pineapple slice and a scoop of 


In a small bowl, mix garlic, basil and oil. Add additional oil if necessary.
Smear the mixture on both sides of the chicken breasts being careful to leave the skins intact. Sprinkle both sides with a small amount of salt and pepper. (The chicken may be allowed to marinate for up to 6 hours if desired.)
Over a medium fire, place chicken skin side down to crisp skin, about 8-10 minutes. Watch the temperature to make sure they do not burn. We leave the tenderloin on our chicken breasts so they are fairly thick – if you are doing the same, close the cover for a few minutes to raise the heat. Flip the breasts over and cook for another 6-8 minutes, again with the cover closed part of the time to have the grill function as an oven. (If your chicken breasts are not thick, the cover should be left open.
Note: If you are not comfortable telling when meat is done, pull one off and slice into a thick part to make sure there is no pink. They will sit after they come off the grill and will cook a bit on your platter so do not leave on too long.
Remove the chicken from the heat and allow to rest for 10 minutes before serving. Serve either whole or sliced for your family or guests with our 


Preheat oven to 500 degrees F and place a pizza stone on the bottom rack.
Roll the dough out to 12 inches round on a floured surface.
Dust the pizza peel with corn meal and transfer the dough round to the peel.
Coat half the dough round with the béchamel sauce leaving a half inch around edge.
Place chicken and all other toppings including cheese over sauce.
Wet the edge of the filled half with water and fold the other half over and pinch seam closed. Then roll and pinch the edges closed, pulling bottom edge up over top edge, pinching again as you go from one side to the other.
Poke a few knife slits in the top and slide onto the pizza stone.
Bake for about nine minutes until totally browned.
Remove and enjoy.


Cut the chicken into two equal portions and pound each out to about ¼ inch thick. Place in a zip lock bag and add dressing. Seal and marinate 2 hours or longer.
While chicken is marinating, cook bacon until crisp, drain on paper towels and set aside.
To prepare the aioli, place 
After chicken has marinated, grill on both sides until cooked through. Discard marinade.
To assemble, place a piece of toast (or grilled bread) on your cutting board and smear with the aioli. Next lay a cooked chicken breast portion over the aioli and smear on more aioli. Cover with another slice of toast and smear that with aioli. On top of that place the lettuce, four slices of bacon and three slices of tomato. Spread aioli on the last slice of toast and invert on top of the tomatoes. Press down, skewer each half and cut. If you can get the nice long rosemary stems, you can use them to skewer your sandwich, if not long tooth picks will work just fine.






Fill a large stockpot with cold water. Peel back the husks of the corn (keeping them intact) and remove the silk from the corn. Smooth the husks back over the kernels of corn and soak the ears in the pot of water for at least 30 minutes. Place a heavy dish or plate on top to keep them submerged. You can also soak them in your kitchen sink.
While the ears are soaking, heat your grill to medium temperature.
When the grill is up to temperature and the ears have soaked, grill the corn – turning every few minutes – until the husks are slightly charred (about 10-12 minutes) and the corn is tender.
To serve, peel back the husks and slather on the Roasted Red Pepper Butter (follow steps below). Season with salt and pepper as desired. Serve immediately.
Preheat your gas grill to a high temperature.
Wash and dry the red bell peppers, leaving them whole. In a medium bowl, coat the peppers with olive oil.
Place the red peppers on the hottest part of your grill. Close the cover and let the peppers roast, turning occasionally, until the skin is blistered and blackened all over (about 10-15 minutes).
Remove the peppers from the heat and place into a gallon-size zipper seal bag. Allow the peppers to steam and the skin of the peppers to loosen (about 15 minutes).
Once the peppers have cooled, peel the skin and remove the core and the seeds inside the peppers.
Place the roasted peppers into the bowl of a food processor and add the garlic, oregano, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper. Process briefly. Then add the softened butter and process again – mixing until all ingredients are completely combined.
Pour into a small serving bowl and serve with Grilled Corn on the Cob (follow steps above).


Heat grill to medium.
Cut tip from eggplants and halve lengthwise. With a sharp knife, make cross hatch marks by scoring one way then the opposite way on the cut side of each eggplant.
In a small food processor, (
Spread this on the cut side of the eggplants and grill cut side down for 5 minutes. Gently turn and cook for two to five minutes on the skin side until they are cooked through but not mushy soft.
Top with grated cheese and serve immediately.


Line two sheet pans with racks and lay out the eggplant, zucchini and tomato slices. Generously salt both sides and allow to drain for 30 minutes. Turn and allow to drain 30 more minutes. Rinse and dry thoroughly with paper towels.
To prepare the Basil Oil: Heat a small pan with water until boiling. In a small bowl, have ice water ready. Lay out a few paper towels. Have a spider or strainer ready. Drop the fresh basil into the boiling water and count to three then remove to the ice bath with the strainer. Remove from the ice bath and squeeze in the paper towels. Transfer to a small food processor along with the cup of olive oil and the ⅛th teaspoon of salt and process just enough to break up the basil but not pureed. Set aside.
Heat grill to hot.
On one side, place the whole bell peppers directly on the grill.
With tongs and paper towels, mop a little vegetable oil on the grill grates.
Place each vegetable slice on the oiled grill and grill 1 minute for tomatoes, 2-3 minutes for eggplant and 3-4 minutes for zucchini. You want nice grill marks on both sides with the vegetables just slightly cooked through. Depending on how hot your grill gets, times will vary. With the tomatoes, you want to remove them before they fall apart so no more than 30 seconds on each side.
Keep turning the peppers so that they blacken on all sides. Have a plastic zip lock bag close by.
As each vegetable is cooked, transfer to a sheet pan until everything is off the grill. Once the peppers are completely charred, remove with tongs to the zip lock bag. Let them stay zipped in the bag for five to ten minutes to steam off the skin. After the five to ten minutes, remove to a cutting board. Remove skin, stem and seeds and cut each pepper into four somewhat even pieces.
Leave grill on hot and spray a sheet pan with non-stick cooking spray. Start layering eight piles on the prepared pan starting with eggplant, then tomato, then half the cheese, then two zucchini slices. Top with the cooked bell pepper pieces and finish with the remaining cheese. If they slide and will not stay in place, you can insert a tooth pick through the center, just remember to remove before serving.
Place the pan back in the grill and cover the grill until the cheese melts. (3-5 minutes)
Serve one as a side dish or two as an entrée drizzled with the reserved basil oil.


Make the White Barbecue Sauce by placing mayonnaise, vinegar, black pepper, mustard, salt, sugar, garlic and horseradish in a medium bowl. Stir until well blended. Chill in refrigerator until ready to use.
In a medium sauté pan, heat two tablespoons of olive oil over medium high and sauté onions for about four minutes or until soft.
Add one more tablespoon of oil and pour in drained sauerkraut.
Sauté for three minutes or until the sauerkraut starts to brown.
Season with salt and pepper and remove from heat.
Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill to medium heat.
Cut the Kielbasa into three sections about six inches long and cut each piece in half the long way. Lay out in a dish or platter and brush with the remaining tablespoon of oil.
Grill for about three minutes per side or until hot and nicely marked.
To assemble, place two slices of Swiss cheese in each roll, top with onion and sauerkraut mixture, add two grilled Kielbasa halves and top with the White Barbecue Sauce, or serve on the side as a condiment.


The night before serving prepare the marinade as follows: Note - The can of coconut milk separates in the can. Open upside down so the fat will be at the bottom and the liquid at the top. This makes it easier to remove from the can. Place the contents into a sauce pan and heat and stir until fat has melted and the coconut milk is blended. Pour this into a medium bowl.
Add cold ginger ale, fish sauce, soy sauce and red curry paste. Stir in cilantro and ginger. If the mixture is warmer than room temperature, allow to cool while you prepare the chicken. Stir with a whip occasionally so that the coconut fat does not congeal in the liquid.
Butterfly the chicken breasts. (Lay breasts flat with side that had skin down. Run a sharp knife horizontally from center out to almost the edge through the fatter part of the breast. Once done, the breast should be all the same thickness so it grills evenly).
Place chicken and marinade in a gallon zip lock bag and marinate refrigerated overnight.
The day of service mix all salsa ingredients as close to serving as possible. Once you put the salt in, the fruit will start to give up liquid so either leave the salt out until just before serving or prep the ingredients ahead and combine just before you are ready to grill. Once the fruit is cut, it does start to weep, salt or no salt, the closer to serving the better.
Heat grill to high on one side and medium on the other.
Remove chicken from bag and discard marinade. Lay out breasts on paper towels and pat dry.
Place on a platter or pan and generously coat both sides with oil. (always oil your food and not the grill)
At this point, this is where I made my salsa.
Place breasts on hot side and sear about 1 ½ to 2 minutes. Turn and sear on the other side. Move to the cooler side, close grill cover and cook a few more minutes until no longer pink. (use a small knife to slice open and check the thickest piece).
Transfer to a clean platter and serve with the salsa.


Trim pineapple and slice into half inch slices, leaving core.
Heat a ribbed grill pan over medium heat and brush with half the oil.
Place slices of pineapple onto pan and brush the tops with oil.
Grill both sides for about 1-2 minutes per side, or just long enough to make grill marks.
Place on cutting board and cut into small pieces, cutting around and then disposing of core.
Place pineapple into medium bowl with the remaining ingredients and stir.
Let sit for two hours refrigerated then serve with your favorite chips.


In a medium pot over medium high heat, render diced bacon until crisp and remove with a spider strainer (
Over medium heat add both onions, shallots and garlic and cook for three minutes.
Add cooked bacon back in along with all other jam ingredients. Bring to a simmer and cook to reduce liquid to a syrupy consistency, about 25 minutes.
Cool for five minutes and pour into a food processor. Pulse 6 times to just break up ingredients. Mixture will be coarse.
While bacon jam is simmering, make polenta.
In a medium sauce pan, heat stock and cream to just boiling. Add spices, semolina and polenta and whisk to incorporate ingredients. Cook over a simmer for six minutes. Mixture will be thick so stir occasionally with a wooden spoon.
Remove from heat and stir in both cheeses.
Line a shallow quarter sheet pan (
Pour polenta into plastic lined pan and spread evenly using an 
Cover with plastic and refrigerate at least 30 minutes until cool and firm.
When ready to serve, remove polenta from pan by lifting with the plastic and place on cutting board. Cut polenta into about 16-20 pieces (squares or triangles). Heat a grill pan (ribbed or not, your choice) and melt butter and place polenta smooth side down and grill just to heat and brown bottom. Grill both sides or just one side, your choice.
Heat jam to at least room temperature or warmer in a pan or microwave.
Place two to four pieces of grilled polenta on a small plate and top with a few spoons of jam and serve.


In a small bowl, place vinegar, mustard, salt and pepper and while whipping, slowly add oil to emulsify. Set aside.
In a small dry sauté pan over medium heat, toast pine nuts and set aside.
Heat a ribbed pan over medium high.
Toss the pears with one tablespoon of the oil and grill for about 1-2 minutes on each side. Set aside.
With the pan still on medium high, drizzle the remaining oil over cut sides of romaine and grill three halves for about 2 minutes, cut side only. Remove to a platter and grill remaining three halves and add to platter.
Top with pears and dressing. Then sprinkle cheese and pine nuts over top and serve.


In a small saucepan, bring your choice of oil and spice(s) just to bubbling, then immediately remove from the heat and cool.
Once cool pour through fine mesh strainer lined with cheese cloth and then store refrigerated for up to a month. Bring to room temperature before use.
To grill your vegetables, preheat your grill to a very high temperature. Brush infused oil on the vegetables. Then grill until tender (some vegetables will cook more quickly than others so keep a close eye on each as they cook and remove when tender).


Peel husks back from corn but not off and remove silk. Then wrap husks back up. Place corn cobs with husks in a large bowl or your sink and cover with water. Use a heavy pan to submerge them and let them soak for 30 minutes.
Heat grill to medium high heat.
Place corn in husks on grill and cook for about 10 minutes, turning every few minutes. Depending on your grill, this may take longer. Remove to a platter and remove husks. Using OXO's Corn Stripper, remove kernels and set aside.
Heat grill to scorching hot.
Liberally salt and pepper both side of steaks.
Using OXO's Bladed Meat Tenderizer, pierce meat in several places on both sides. Then brush both sides with olive oil using the OXO Silcone Basting Brush.
Using the OXO 16" Tongs, place the steaks on the hottest part of your grill and grill to your preferred level of doneness. (Our steaks were about 1 ½ inches thick and they took about three minutes on each side for medium rare.) Remove steak to a platter and let rest for ten minutes.
While steak is resting, start assembling salad with greens, corn, olives, tomatoes, croutons and blue cheese.
Once steak has rested, cut against the grain on the bias to about ¼ inch to ½ inch wide slices and layer across top of the salad.
Finally dress the salad with the simple red wine vinaigrette using the OXO Little Salad Dressing Shaker and serve.


Heat grill to the hottest temperature.
Cut ends from eggplant and cut lengthwise into three or four thick slices. Shave the skin off the two outside pieces so the flesh will get grill marks. Lay the slices on your board or plate and salt both sides liberally. This will draw out the bitterness.
While the eggplant sits, prepare the other vegetables.
Husk the corn and place on a tray.
Cut the ends off the zucchini and summer squash then cut in half lengthwise. Place on tray with corn.
Cut the top off the red onion but leave the root attached. Cut it in quarters, leaving root attached to each quarter. This will help keep it together while grilling. Place on tray with other vegetables.
Cut the tough ends off the asparagus and place spears on tray with vegetables.
Cut the red pepper in half. Remove core and seeds and place the two halves on tray with vegetables.
Rinse and dry eggplant and add to tray with other vegetables.
Brush all of the vegetables on all sides with 
Once all of the vegetables are brushed with oil, lay them all out on your grill. As each side chars, turn and grill the other side. Depending on your grill, the time to cook will vary but different vegetables will take different amounts of time. The corn and onions took the longest and the asparagus took the least. Just remove back to the platter once each is grilled.
Cut each vegetable into bite sized pieces and place in a large bowl. With a 
Cut all of the tomatoes in half and add to the bowl.
Make the dressing by combining all ingredients and add to bowl along with the fresh basil. Toss until combined.
Top with the cheese and serve.


Blanch sweet potato slices in a large pot of boiling salted water, about 8-10 minutes. They should be firm and cooked but not mushy. Drain and cool to room temperature.
In a small bowl combine potato slices, oil, salt and pepper and toss. Place on a hot grill and cook until well browned, about 3-5 minutes. Remove and place in a medium bowl. Set aside.
In a large sauté pan, cook bacon until they just start to crisp, about 6 minutes. Remove the bacon to paper towels and leave all but 2 tablespoons of bacon fat in the pan.
Add the onion slices and cook for 2 minutes stirring occasionally. Add the garlic and cook for 2 more minutes. Remove pan from heat and stir in the vinegar, oil, sugar, cooked bacon, salt and pepper. Pour this mixture over the grilled sweet potatoes, top with chopped parsley and serve.


Heat an outdoor grill to high (or use an indoor ribbed grill pan).
Brush zucchini, corn and onions with a little of the oil and grill for about 15-20 minutes turning often to get a uniform char. The zucchini will cook the quickest so make sure that comes off first. When flipping the thick slices of onion, I found that the easiest way is to leave them in thick slices and not to separate and use tongs to gently turn so they stay together. Otherwise the individual slices will fall between grates of the grill.
Stem the cooked zucchini and cut into bite sized pieces. Remove corn from cob by running a sharp knife down all sides. Separate the onion slices but do not cut further.
On your stove, heat the remaining oil to 350 degrees F in a small sauté pan and fry each tortilla to brown both sides. Each one will take less than a minute to fry both sides. Remove to paper towels to drain.
To assemble, smear one ounce of humus on each cooked tortilla. Then alternate the ingredients on top of the humus ending with tomatoes, cheese and cilantro.
Serve immediately with lime wedges squeezed over the tops.


Begin by placing all glaze ingredients in a small sauce pan and reduce over medium heat by half, about five to ten minutes. Set aside.
To prepare, slice each slice of prosciutto the long way so you have twelve long pieces.
Take one of them and lay on your board. Place a basil leaf in center and top with a cube of watermelon.
Next lay a slice of goat cheese on top and finish with a second basil leaf.
Fold the sides of the prosciutto up overlapping the top so that the cube is tight.
Place a toothpick through where the prosciutto overlaps, which should be directly over the top. (Each side will be grilled except the top where the cheese is).
Heat a grilled rib pan over medium heat and when hot, brush the top with half the oil.
Lay out cubes on their sides (a side with prosciutto) and grill for a minute or so or until slightly crispy. Turn to face up and repeat. Then flip on the other side and repeat.
Remove to a serving platter and drizzle with the reserved glaze. Serve immediately.


Preheat grill to a medium heat.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and drop in the whole skin-on potatoes. Bring back to a boil and cook 8-10 minutes (10 if the potatoes are large). Remove to room temperature to cool. Discard water. The potatoes will not be fully cooked and will finish on the grill.
While the potatoes are cooling, place ½ cup of olive oil, the rosemary, 3 tablespoons of parsley and ½ teaspoon of the salt into a mini food processor (
Once the potatoes are cool enough to handle, slice skin-on into thick ¾ inch slices and place on a sheet pan. Spread the rosemary mixture on both sides of the potatoes using all of the mixture.
Gill for 15 minutes turning a few times until fully cooked through and nicely browned. If the oil makes the grill flame up, move them to a higher rack until the flames settle down.
While potatoes are cooking, in a small bowl, mix vinegar, remaining ¼ cup of olive oil, remaining ½ teaspoon salt and both mustards until blended. Chop the remaining parsley and set aside.
As soon as the potatoes come off the grill, toss lightly with the dressing (serve extra dressing on the side) and sprinkle remaining two tablespoons of parsley over the top.


Preheat grill to a medium heat.
Cut the stem off the top of each zucchini, then slice into ¼ inch slices lengthwise. Lay each slice out on a sheet pan in a single layer.
In a 
Spread the mixture on both sides of the squash, reserving about ¼ cup.
In a separate bowl, mix the remaining olives with the tomatoes, the drained capers, ¼ cup of olive oil, and the black pepper and set aside.
Grill zucchini one to two minutes on each side until they have nice grill marks and are just slightly cooked. (Try not to overcook.)
Place cooked zucchini on a platter (curling and twisting the squash) then spread the grape tomato mixture over the top.
Finally, top with the reserved ¼ cup of the olive paste, Romano cheese and the mint and serve with nice crusty Italian bread.


In a large skillet, sauté onions and jalapeno in the peanut oil over medium high heat for 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook one more minute. Add ground beef and cook until browned, breaking up beef with a wooden spoon as it cooks.
While the beef is cooking, place tequila, corn starch, and all the spices and herbs in a small bowl and whisk to combine. Set aside.
Once beef has browned, strain off all but about two tablespoons of fat. Add tomato paste and cook for two more minutes.
Add tequila mixture and the beef broth and stir, scraping up any bits from the bottom of the pan. Reduce to a simmer and cook for 35-40 minutes or until all of the liquid has evaporated.
Mixture should be thick and not runny.
Warm taco shells in oven and fill with beef mixture, 


Run a knife around the outside of the avocados from top to bottom and back to top. Cut down to the pit. With a twisting motion, twist the avocado halves apart.
Tap the avocado pit with a knife so the knife slices in enough to grab it. Then turn the knife and the pit will come out. (Be careful not to swing too hard and hit your hand. To be safe, place the avocado down on a cutting board first.)
Run a soup spoon between the pulp and the skin of the avocado and place the pulp in a medium mixing bowl. Mash slightly with a fork leaving large chunks.
Add all other ingredients except the tomato. Adjust seasoning as needed.
When you are ready to serve, add in diced tomato.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper. Pour the sprinkles into a small bowl and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter, powdered sugar and vanilla for about 2-3 minutes, until light and fluffy. Add salt and mix until just combined. Gradually add the flour (about ½ cup at a time) mixing well after each addition until completely incorporated and the dough stays in a ball when pressed together.
Using a measuring tablespoon, scoop the dough out into even portions. Using your hands, roll each portion into a round ball and then roll the dough in the sprinkles, pressing down as needed to make the sprinkles coat the cookie dough. Place the balls onto the prepared cookie sheet about 1½ inches apart. Using your thumb, gently press down on the top of each ball and make a small indentation, being careful not to crack the dough. (Do not completely flatten the dough – it will flatten a bit as it bakes.)
Bake the cookies for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and using a melon baller or other small round kitchen tool, gently press on each cookie to make a deeper indentation (but be careful again, not to press too hard and crack the sides). Bake for 7-8 minutes more until the cookies are set.
Cool the cookies completely on a wire rack before frosting.
In a small bowl, combine the powdered sugar, corn syrup, vanilla extract, melted butter and 1 tablespoon of milk. Stir to combine and add more milk as needed to get a smooth and spoonable, but not runny, consistency.
If you want to make different colored icings for your cookies, divide the icing into small bowls – one for each color of icing you desire. Dip a toothpick into the gel food coloring and then stir into your icing, adding more as needed to make the color you want. With a clean toothpick, repeat the process for the other colors.
Spoon a small amount of icing into the center of each cookie and allow to set completely before serving.


In a medium to large skillet, over medium high heat, cook pancetta in 2 tablespoons of butter until crisp. Add onions and sauté for 2 minutes. Add 2 more tablespoons butter, cabbage, salt and pepper, cover and once mixture is hot, reduce to medium and cook for ten minutes.
While cabbage mixture is cooking, cook No Yolks® noodles according to package direction and drain.
Once cabbage is tender, remove cover and add drained noodles.
Add remaining butter and cook to bring to serving temperature.
Season with additional salt and pepper as desired. (Lots of black pepper is traditional!)




Prepare a partially-baked pie crust in a deep dish pie plate. (See 
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Dice the onion and sauté in a pan with the butter until the onions are soft and translucent. Cool slightly.
Stack the ham slices and cut into ½-inch pieces. If using sliced deli Swiss cheese, stack and cut into ½-inch pieces OR if using block Swiss cheese, shred using the large holes of a box grater
Sprinkle the ham pieces and the onion evenly into the bottom of the partially-baked pie crust. Sprinkle the grated cheese on top of the ham and onions.
In a bowl, beat the eggs. Add cream, salt, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper and whisk to fully combine the custard mixture. Add the chopped chives and stir once more to combine. Pour or ladle the custard into the prepared pie crust.
Bake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Lower the oven heat to 350 degrees and bake for 25-30 minutes more, or until a knife inserted into the center of the quiche comes out clean.
Let cool until the quiche sets up a bit (about 30 minutes) and serve in wedges.


Start by making the stock. Add all stock ingredients to a pot and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook uncovered for two hours. Strain stock and pick meat from bone. Discard the rest. This step can be done in advance and the stock frozen until needed. Cool and freeze in zip lock gallon bags.
Mix ham stock with vegetable stock and heat. Taste and adjust seasoning, but salt only if needed.
In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed soup pot, heat oil over medium high heat and add bacon. Cook for 7-8 minutes until just short of crispy.
Add leeks, celery and carrots and cook for five minutes.
Add garlic and cook one minute.
Add stock, thyme, bay leaves, tomato and optional Parmesan rinds. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer.
Simmer uncovered for about 15 minutes or until vegetables are just short of tender.
Add potatoes and kale and bring back to a boil then simmer until tender, about five minutes.
Add corn, beans and diced ham and simmer five minutes.
Stir in cream and remove from heat.
Pick out bay leaves and Parmesan rinds and discard. Serve immediately.


In the bowl of a food processor, place ham and pulse about 10 times to produce a fine chop but not too fine (about the size of a grain of rice).
Place the chopped ham into a medium bowl.
Slice the dill pickles into slices if they are not already sliced and pat dry with paper towels. Place on cutting board and dice finely, then add them to the bowl with the ham.
Add all other ingredients and mix.
Serve on slider rolls as we show in our photograph or any other way you’d like.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a large skillet, brown beef and chopped onion in olive oil. Drain off fat and discard.
Add tomato sauce, sugar, salt, garlic powder and black pepper, mix then remove from heat. Set aside.
Cook egg noodles to just under al dente. Drain and set aside.
While noodles are cooking, in a large bowl mix cottage cheese, cream cheese, sour cream, scallions and bell pepper. Mix to combine.
In a 2-quart rectangular casserole dish (ours was 11x7x1½ inches in size), spread half the noodles. Top with half the beef sauce. Cover with all of the cheese mixture. Cover with remaining noodles and remaining beef sauce then top with Parmesan cheese.
Bake uncovered for 30 minutes and serve.


In a 5-quart pot or Dutch oven, sauté onions and celery in half of the olive oil over medium heat for 3-5 minutes.
Push vegetables to sides of pot, increase heat to medium high and place the rest of the olive oil in center. Add beef and break up with wooden spoon and sauté until beef is cooked.
Return to medium heat and add tomato paste. Mix in the paste and cook for one more minute.
Add diced tomato, brown stock, dried thyme and Worcestershire sauce. Bring to a boil and simmer for 30 minutes. Skim off any fat and foam that floats to the top.
Increase heat to medium high and add spinach and parmesan. Cook for five more minutes.
Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper if needed.
Cook pasta according to box directions.
Place pasta in serving bowl, ladle in soup and top with more Parmesan cheese.


Mix the yeast with the heated milk and set aside.
Mix the dried fruit with the rum and orange blossom water and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat butter and brown sugar for two minutes on medium speed.
Add eggs and beat for two more minutes.
Drain liquid from dried fruit and add liquid to sugar and egg mixture. Mix to combine. Save the fruit for a later step.
Sift flour into a bowl with the salt, allspice, cinnamon and coriander.
Transfer to a stand mixer from a paddle to a dough hook.
Alternate adding flour-spice mixture and milk mixture to form a very sticky dough. Beat only long enough to bring the dough together. The mixture will be loose looking.
Pour dough into a large bowl, cover with a dish towel and let rise in a warm draft free place for about two hours or until doubled in size.
While the dough is rising, liberally butter and flour a 10” Bundt pan.
Pour nuts and dried fruit into the dough and mix by hand just until mixed through.
Scrape the mixture into the prepared pan.
Cover with a dish towel and let rise until almost doubled in size, about an additional hour.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Bake in the center of the oven for about 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean.
Remove from oven and brush with the melted butter then sprinkle on the granulated sugar. Serve warm out of the oven, or sliced and toasted with butter.


Remove skin from salmon by running a knife between skin and flesh (lay skin down, keep knife flat and start on one end. Grab skin and pull as you work knife from one end to the other, keeping blade flat).
Remove ½ pound of the fish and set aside. (This will be pureed so OK to use scraps, end pieces, trimmings, etc.)
Take the remaining one pound of salmon and cut into two equal pieces. Then lay each piece on its side and cut in half horizontally so you have four pieces which are now half the thickness of the full piece. Set these pieces aside.
In the bowl of a food processor, place shallots and thyme and pulse to chop the shallots fine.
Add the ½ pound of salmon scraps and pulse to puree the salmon in with the shallots.
Add the cream and pulse again to combine. Add salt and pepper and pulse one last time and remove.
Divide the mixture in half and spread on the tops of all four pieces of salmon.
Take shredded potatoes and wrap in paper towels and squeeze out as much water as possible. Press half the shredded potatoes into pureed salmon.
Flip each portion and repeat with the salmon mixture and potatoes so both sides get coated with the salmon puree and shredded potatoes.
Heat a large sauté pan oven medium heat and add butter.
Once butter has melted, gently place all four pieces of salmon into the butter.
Cook for about four minutes until browned and with a fish spatula or other large spatula, flip and cook on the other side. The potatoes should be golden brown and the salmon should be almost cooked through.
Note: We like the salmon slightly under cooked but if your preference is to cook through, lower heat and continue to cook, being careful not to over brown the potatoes.
Serve with a dollop of sour cream.


Make the sausage gravy by melting the one tablespoon of butter in a medium sauce pan over medium high heat.
Remove the sausage meat from the casings and place in the pan with the butter. Stir with a wooden spoon until browned and crumbled, about three minutes.
Add the flour, mustard, nutmeg, salt and pepper and stir and cook for two minutes.
Add cold milk one third at a time and whip with a whisk between each third.
Adjust by adding more milk if you like the gravy thinner. Set aside on a low flame.
Divide the shredded potatoes into nine portions about ½ cup each.
Using a four inch cookie cutter, place each portion into the cutter and press with the back of a spoon to form nine round discs.
Heat a Panini press to the hottest possible setting. We set ours to sear.
Once the press is hot, butter the bottom plate and place two or three potato discs onto the butter then brush the tops with butter and pull down the top press. 
Cook each batch five minutes or until crispy and browned. Set each aside while you continue to cook.
You could keep each batch warm in a low oven but we did not find that to be necessary.
Mix eggs with milk and in a large skillet, cook scrambled eggs by first spraying pan with spray.
To assemble, place one disc on each of three plates and top each with one sixth of the eggs and one once of cheese. Place a second disc over the cheese and repeat with the remaining eggs and cheese. Top with the last three discs and pour the sausage gravy over the top.
Finally top with the optional chopped chives and serve.


Slice the bread and set aside.
In a small bowl, mix mascarpone cheese, crushed pineapple, pineapple juice and powdered sugar until smooth. Set aside.
In a small bowl beat eggs and mix with coconut milk, agave nectar and cinnamon. Pour into a flat dish large enough to hold the bread slices dipped one at a time.
Dip both sides of each slice in the egg mixture and hold on a platter to soak up the liquid.
Lay out a dish large enough to hold one slice and pour the chopped nuts into the dish.
Coat both sides of each slice in the chopped nuts.
Heat a griddle pan over medium heat and melt one tablespoon of butter.
Cook each side of two slices until golden brown, about 2-3 minutes per side. Repeat with rest of butter and last two slices. (If your grill pan will hold all four, then cook all at once.)
To serve, cut each slice in half and serve two halves per portion, dusted with powdered sugar and topped with the pineapple spread or serve the spread on the side.


In a small pitcher, combine freshly brewed espresso with the flavored Maxwell House International. Stir to combine well.
Place 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream each in shallow cups.
Gently pour a small amount of the hazelnut coffee mixture into the cup with the vanilla ice cream, adding more as desired.


In a medium sauce pan place the cream and bring to just hot but not boiling. The edges of the pan will just be starting to bubble.
Place the milk chocolate pieces and semi sweet chocolate morsels in a medium bowl and pour just half of the hot cream over. Let sit for 30 seconds then mix gently with a wire whip to melt the chocolate.
Slowly add the rest of the cream while stirring. This is necessary so that the fat in the chocolate does not separate. If it does, add little bits of cold cream to the mixture to recover.
Add butter and stir to blend.
Put the egg yolk in a small bowl and add about a half cup of the melted chocolate a little at a time while you whip to temper the egg. Add this back into the larger bowl and mix.
Add Kahlua, Nutella, cocoa powder, instant coffee and powdered sugar and stir to combine.
Pour mixture into a flat, low baking dish, cover with plastic and place in the refrigerator for four hours or overnight.
While mixture is chilling, roast hazelnuts if using to coat truffles.
Heat oven to 425 degrees and pour hazelnuts onto parchment lined sheet pan.
Roast for ten minutes and remove. Pour hot nuts into a small stainless steel or glass bowl and cover with an upside down dinner plate and shake vigorously to remove skins. Stop, pick out the ones that have skins gone and shake the rest until all or most of the skins are off. Discard skins.
Cool slightly and process in a food processor until they are down to a coarse crumb.
When the truffle filling has set, remove from the refrigerator and with two teaspoons, scoop out half ounce size pieces with one spoon and push off onto a plate with the other.
Once you have scooped all 48, roll each into a ball by first coating your hands with oil or non-stick cooking spray and then rolling each piece into a ball. Then drop the balls into the toasted hazelnut crumbs, or coating of your choice. Remove to a platter and store refrigerated until ready to use.


Heat oven to 375 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, or by hand, cream cashew butter, agave and coconut sugar until blended and creamy.
Add flax, cashew milk and vanilla and mix.
In a separate bowl, combine rolled oats, flour, baking soda and salt.
With mixer running, add dry mixture just until a thick cookie dough batter forms, similar in texture to oatmeal cookie dough.
Stir in currants/raisins by hand.
Scoop one ounce balls, 12 per pan, onto parchment lined sheet pans and bake for 10 minutes. Bake one pan at a time or if baking more than one at a time, increase baking time.
Cool on pans for five minutes to set then transfer to cooling racks.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees
Line a 12-cup muffin pan with paper liner cups then spray or grease the pan including inside of the cups (or if you prefer not to use the paper liners, grease and flour your muffin pan).
Place cranberries in a microwave-safe bowl and cover with water. Microwave on high for one minute and set aside.
In a large bowl sift flour, brown sugar, baking soda and spices together. Add rolled oats and stir again.
Add shredded sweet potato, pineapple, applesauce and sunflower seeds and stir, mixing well. Mixture will be quite thick.
In a separate bowl, beat eggs with oil and vanilla.
Add egg mixture to the batter and mix.
Drain cranberries and fold into the batter.
Fill muffin cups, dividing batter equally and bake for 25-28 minutes. Muffins are done when a toothpick inserted in the center of the muffin comes out clean.
Cool for five minutes then transfer to racks to cool further.


In a large 8 quart heavy bottomed stock pot, heat butter over high heat and add mushrooms. Cook five minutes then remove to a bowl and set aside.
Reduce heat to medium high and add oil. Once hot, add onion, carrots and celery plus any “other” vegetables that take longer to cook.
Cook this mixture for five minutes.
Add garlic, green beans and cabbage and cook for another five minutes.
Add tomatoes, 2 tablespoons of the basil, 2 tablespoons of the parsley and the cooked mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes.
Add broth, bring to a boil and lower heat to a fast simmer. Simmer for five minutes.
Taste and only add salt and pepper if needed. I did not as the purchased stock was well seasoned.
Add sweet potatoes, zucchini and any “other” vegetables that do not require long cooking times.
Bring back to a fast simmer and cook 3-5 minutes or until sweet potatoes are tender.
Remove from heat and stir in baby spinach and the remaining fresh basil and parsley.
Serve immediately with grated Parmesan cheese over the top and a drizzle of olive oil or refrigerate and reheat as needed.


In a medium non-stick sauté pan, place shallots, oil and butter and cook over medium low for 35-40 minutes stirring occasionally until browned and crispy. Drain on paper towels.
While shallots are cooking, heat grill to high.
In a small food processor (
Trim the tenderloin of the silver skin by running a sharp small knife under the skin and pulling up to remove. Place tenderloin on a platter and smear the herb mixture all over.
Place the herbed tenderloin on hottest part of grill and turn one quarter turn every two or three minutes. Once seared, move pork to a higher rack or to a cooler portion of the grill to continue cooking. The internal temperature should be 120 for a nice pink doneness. It will cook further once removed from the heat. If you follow the recommendations on the internet, the recommended temperature is 145 degrees. (Our personal preference is to have it a little pink inside but your choice.)
Once at the desired temperature, remove the pork to a platter, cover loosely with foil and let rest ten minutes before slicing.
Slice on an angle and serve topped with crispy shallots.


Add the oil to a small sauce pan and heat to 100 degrees F using a 
Once cool, store refrigerated for up to two weeks.


If using large potatoes, cut them into two inch cubes. If using mini potatoes, keep whole. Do not peel either variety.
In a heavy bottomed pan or pot (we used a 
Remove from heat and gentle toss with the fresh herbs and serve.


In a small bowl, combine minced shallots, lemon juice and sea salt. Set aside.
Cut cherry tomatoes into halves or quarters (depending on the size) and place into a large bowl.
Add shallot mixture and fresh herbs to the bowl with the tomatoes. Toss gently to coat.
Pour herbed tomatoes onto a serving platter and garnish with a sprig of fresh tarragon. Serve immediately at room temperature.


In a microwave safe bowl, place all cut up fruit with ½ cup of the buttermilk. Cover and microwave on high for one minute. Leave cover on and set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, beat butter and shortening until creamy. Add sugar and beat until smooth.
With mixer running, add one egg at a time mixing the first egg in before adding the second.
Add molasses and mix to combine.
In a large bowl sift flour, cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, baking soda and salt. Stir dry instant coffee into dry mix.
With mixer running on low, alternate adding dry ingredients and remainder of buttermilk. Just mix to combine.
Remove mixing bowl and stir in bowl of dry fruit with liquid and chopped nuts. Mix just to combine.
Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper and spray the paper with non stick cooking spray.
Divide the dough into quarters and form each quarter into a long flat bar (two bars per pan). With wet fingers, press and shape the dough into even smooth flat bars about four inches from each end. The bar will expand so leave room between each bar.
Bake one pan at a time for about 20 minutes of until a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean. Slide the parchment onto a rack to cool while you bake the next batch.
Once completely cool, slide back onto pans and cover tightly with plastic. Place a kitchen towel over each pan and let sit overnight.
The next day, using a sharp knife or bench scraper, cut each bar on the diagonal into 9 pieces. Separate each slice from the one next to it.
Mix the powdered sugar and milk in a small bowl to make the glaze, and place in a pastry bag with a small round tip.
Squeeze the glaze out on all four bars going up and down from end to end. Let the glaze drip down between pieces.
Serve or store covered for up to three days refrigerated.


The day before serving this soup, prepare the stock by placing all ingredients into a large stock pot and bringing up to heat gradually. Boil then reduce to a simmer and simmer for 8 hours. If the mixture gets too thick and it looks like it might stick, add more water. I added one more quart of water at about 6 hours. After 8 hours, strain out the stock and cool and discard all solids. Refrigerate overnight.
The next day skim off and discard the fat that floats to the top.
Place the stock in the pot along with all of the soup ingredients and bring to a boil. Simmer on a low boil for 10-15 minutes or until the vegetables are tender.
Season if needed and serve.




In a medium bowl, sift flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
With a fork or pastry cutter, cut in the small cold pieces of butter until the butter is pea size or smaller.
Store covered in the refrigerator for up to a month.


Place all ingredients in a medium non-stick pan with a lid, bring to a boil and simmer for ten minutes.
Remove from heat, cool, then pass through a 
Store in a sealed jar refrigerated for up to two weeks.


Place chocolate chips and coconut oil in a deep microwave-safe bowl and microwave on high for 30 seconds. Stir and microwave for a few more seconds until the chips have all melted. Stir to combine.
Allow to cool to room temperature before spooning over ice cream or using as a coating on a frozen ice cream pop.
Note: Using a higher proportion of coconut oil versus the chocolate will result in a thinner shell so feel free to adapt the recipe to your liking.


Coddle three eggs, see 
Separate 2 coddled yolks and place in food processor, discard whites. Add whole coddled egg, Dijon mustard, sugar, salt, pepper and ⅛ cup of the lemon juice. Pulse mixture for one minute.
With motor running, slowly add oil just dribbling it in until all the oil has been mixed in.
Scrape sides, stir by hand and taste. Add more salt, pepper or sugar as needed. Add additional tablespoon of lemon juice if needed.
Store any remaining mayonnaise in refrigerator for up to 5-7 days. Bring back up to room temperature before serving for the best flavor.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
In a small sauce pan, heat SPLENDA® Brown Sugar Blend, honey, oil and vanilla until melted together and dissolved. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a large bowl, place oats, walnuts, almonds, coconut, sunflower seeds, flax, sesame seeds, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg. Stir to combine and add Splenda mixture. With a wooden spoon stir and mix until thoroughly combined.
Place on two parchment lined sheet trays and bake for 20 minutes. Remove from oven, stir and place back in oven for 10-20 more minutes or until golden brown.
Pour hot mixture into a large bowl; add cranberries, currants and pine nuts. Mix to combine then pour back onto sheet pans to cool.
Once cool, store in sealed container.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees with rack in center
On a sheet pan (rimmed pan), roast hazelnuts for 14 minutes.
As soon as they come out of the oven, place in a glass or metal bowl and cover bowl with hard lid or upside down plate and shake vigorously to remove skins. You may need to keep removing the skinned nuts and continue shaking until all skins are off. At one point, I removed the nuts, discarded the pile of skins and kept shaking. It took a good two minutes of this before all or most of the skins were off. Place skinned nuts into a food processor and discard skins.
Process the nuts for five minutes, stopping several times to scrape sides. The nuts should now be a fine paste like consistency and have an oily feel.
Add all other ingredients and process again for about 2 minutes or until the mixture becomes glossy. Scrape down several times to ensure even consistency.
Cool the mixture until completely chilled. Store refrigerated in a tight fitting lid for up to a month. (Bring to room temperature before serving.)


In a medium sauce pan, sauté onions, garlic, carrots, celery tops, parsley stems, pepper flakes, paprika, oregano and basil over medium heat for five minutes stirring often. Add tomato paste and cook for another three minutes stirring often.
Add all other ingredients, bring to a boil and simmer on medium low for 20 minutes stirring often. If too much liquid evaporates, add small amounts of water so that it cooks for the full 20 minutes. It will be thick towards the end so stir often.
Remove and discard bay leaf.
Using a blender or immersion blender, puree the mixture as fine as possible.
Pour into a medium sieve or strainer over a bowl and using a rubber spatula, press the mixture through the holes in the sieve to extract the liquid. Press over and over until all that is left are solids in the strainer. Shake off any liquid into bowl and discard solids.
Cool and refrigerate or use immediately. This sauce will last 2-3 weeks refrigerated in a tightly closed container.


In a large pot, boil whole skin on potatoes for 20 minutes. Remove potatoes to drain and dry for at least 10 minutes.
When they are cool enough to peel, peel the skin off. (Should peel right off without the need for a knife).
Note: They will not be fully cooked through.
Using a box grater, grate potatoes on large shred into a medium bowl.
Add salt, pepper and eggs and gently stir to combine. The mixture will be very wet and soft.
Preheat oven to 175 degrees to hold cooked puffs as you make each batch. Line a small sheet tray with paper towels.
Heat a cast iron skillet or heavy bottomed pan with about two to three inches of oil.
Place the panko in a wide open bowl.
Heat oil to 375 degrees using a candy thermometer to hold the temperature.
One at a time, spoon a heaping tablespoon into your hand and shape into a barrel. Gently set into panko, roll and drop in hot oil. Cook only about six at a time to maintain the oil temperature.
Once golden, remove to prepared pan and keep pan in oven between batches. Once you get your rhythm, the whole process should only be about 20 minutes.


Core and remove stems
Place all ingredients into a large pot, cover and bring to a boil and cook on a low boil for ten minutes.
Remove cover and push everything down to submerge and set to a medium simmer.
Simmer for 25 minutes uncovered, then remove from the heat and cool slightly.
Using a food mill (see 
Pour the mixture through a 
Refrigerate the juice until chilled – then serve!
This tomato juice will stay fresh refrigerated for up to a week. Leftovers may be frozen in zipper seal bags.


Place all ingredients in a food processor (we recommend that the honey does NOT go in first because it will stick to the base of the food processor bowl). Blend mixture for one minute or until combined.
This dressing may be stored in the refrigerator for up to two weeks.


Cut off wing tips and freeze for 
Run sharp knife down between joint and separate wingette from drumette.
In a small sauce pan, add Dijon, dry mustard, vinegar, brown sugar, honey, soy sauce and sesame oil.
Bring to a boil, lower to simmer and cook five minutes. Set aside.
Line a grill pan with foil with a little foil ridge around the outside and set aside.
Have a large bowl standing by.
Heat grill to medium high and brush grates with a little vegetable oil. Place wings on oiled grates and grill 20 minutes, turning often and keeping lid shut between turns.
Transfer to the large bowl and pour most of the sauce over the wings. Reserve the remainder of the sauce.
Toss the wings to coat and pour out onto the foil lined grill pan and place back on the grill and close the lid. After five minutes, flip each one and close the lid again. After five more minutes remove.
Once they come off the grill for the second time, pour the remaining sauce over, toss and serve.


Place all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth.
Add additional milk if needed to reach your desired consistency.


The night before, soak black eyed peas in cold water overnight at room temperature.
The following day, drain peas and discard water.
In a medium pot over medium heat, place bacon and cook until crisp. Remove to a paper towel to drain. Reserve two tablespoons of bacon fat in pan and add oil. Increase heat to medium high and add ham hocks. Sear on all sides and remove, about 15 minutes.
Add celery, onion and green pepper and cook for three minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute.
Add ham hocks back in along with stock, soaked peas, bay leaf, thyme, and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook for 45 minutes covered or until peas are almost tender but still a little bit chewy.
While peas are cooking, cook rice according to package directions and set aside. (1 cup rice to two cups water).
Add chopped kale to pot with peas and cook for 10 minutes covered.
Remove ham hocks and bay leaf and discard.
Strain out solids and cook liquid down to one cup, about 10 more minutes. Turn off burner and add butter. Stir to dissolve. Add solids back in and stir to combine.
To serve, place mixture over rice and top with cooked bacon and scallions.


Remove skins from raw almonds as follows: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil and add the raw almonds. Blanch for approximately 1 minute. Drain the almonds under cold water. Remove the skins of the almonds by squeezing the fat end of the nut – the nut should slip right out of the skins. Dry with a paper towel.
In a dry skillet toast the dry, skinned almonds over medium heat until lightly brown. Remove from heat and allow to cool.
While the nuts are cooling, heat 3 cups of water to boiling temperature.
In an electric spice grinder, pulverize the rice into a very fine powder.
Combine the pulverized rice, toasted almonds, and the cinnamon stick into a large bowl. Pour in the 3 cups of hot water and stir to break up any clumps of rice that may form. Cool to room temperature. Cover and allow to stand overnight at room temperature.
While rice mixture is sitting, you can prepare the Concentrated Simple Syrup by heating the ¼ cup of water and the ½ cup granulated sugar in a small saucepan, stirring until the sugar completely dissolves. Cool, then chill the syrup for later.
The next day, pour the rice mixture (including the almonds and the cinnamon stick) into a blender. Add the remaining 2 cups of water and blend very well – until the rice, almonds and cinnamon stick are completely combined and pulverized.
Strain the mixture into a bowl or pitcher – you will want to strain out as much of the sediment as possible so line a mesh strainer with 3 layers of cheesecloth and pour the blended mixture through to drain into the bowl. (Alternately, you can use one of these 
Once drained, stir in the chilled simple syrup. Chill until cold.
When ready to serve, pour over ice and garnish with a sprinkle of cinnamon.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Put crabmeat, yogurt, cream cheese, scallions and Swiss into a large bowl and mix to combine.
Place in an oven-safe casserole dish and bake uncovered for 30 minutes.
While dip is cooking, brush oil on bread slices and bake on a sheet pan for about five minutes. Try and time it so both come out of the oven at the same time.
Serve immediately while still hot.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Heat a pot of water on the stove to very hot (just under a simmer).
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine ¾ cup of the granulated sugar, flour, ¼ cup of the cocoa, baking powder and salt. Stir in milk, melted butter and vanilla and mix until smooth.
Pour the batter into an lightly greased 2-quart ceramic dish (as shown in our photos) or a 9-inch square baking pan (if it's a non-stick pan, you don't have to grease it) and spread evenly.
In a small bowl, stir together the remaining ½ cup granulated sugar, brown sugar, remaining ¼ cup cocoa and mix well. Sprinkle this mixture evenly over the batter in your dish or pan. Pour the hot water over the top – but do not stir!
Bake 35-40 minutes if using a glass dish (or 30-35 minutes if using a metal pan) – or until the center is almost set. Remove your dish from the oven and 
After 15 minutes, spoon the cake into individual serving bowls – making sure to spoon the fudgy sauce from the bottom of the pan over the top of the cake. Add a scoop of vanilla ice cream if desired and serve immediately.


In a medium-large skillet, pour in enough canola oil to give a depth of ¼-inch of oil. Add the cauliflower and fry over medium high heat, frequently stirring. Cook until the cauliflower is tender and a deep golden brown color – about 8 to 10 minutes.
With a slotted spoon, transfer the cooked cauliflower to a bowl that has been lined with paper towels. Allow to drain. Once the cauliflower has drained, remove the paper towels but leave the cauliflower in the bowl. Sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of the garam masala and a pinch of salt and toss to coat.
Pour off all but ¼ cup of the oil in the skillet. Heat the skillet over medium high heat and add the sliced onion and another pinch of salt. Cook the onions, stirring frequently, until golden in color (about 7 minutes). Sprinkle the crushed pink peppercorns and the remaining garam masala over the onions and cook, stirring frequently, for another 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add in the cooked cauliflower, stirring gently to combine.
To serve, spoon the prepared hummus into a wide bowl and spoon the cauliflower and onion mixture over the top. Garnish with chopped parsley and a generous drizzle of olive oil.
Served with warm pita or naan bread that has been torn into pieces, or cut into bite-sized triangles.


Bring grill to high heat.
Drizzle and brush ½ tsp. olive oil onto the cut sides of each romaine half. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
Lay romaine halves on the grill, cut sides down. Grill until slightly charred, 1- 2 minutes.
Plate romaine halves, cut side up. Top with tomato, onion, cheese, and basil.
In a small bowl, whisk vinegar with remaining 2 tsp. olive oil. Drizzle and enjoy!




Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Beat eggs in a small bowl and set aside.
In a 6 quart pot, heat milk to hot, do not boil. Slowly add in corn meal and whisk continually until all of the corn meal is added. Cook for 10 minutes on a low simmer, stirring occasionally. Be careful that it does not stick and burn to the bottom of the pan.
Remove from heat and add all other ingredients except the beaten eggs. Mix to combine.
Temper the eggs by slowly adding some of the hot pudding a little at a time to the eggs, stirring as you go (about a cup total). Then add the egg mixture to the pot and stir.
Pour mixture into a buttered casserole dish and place the casserole dish in a 
Let the pudding rest for 15 minutes, then serve hot with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a large bowl, place asparagus, zucchini, yellow squash, eggplant, red pepper, onion, oil, salt, oregano, and garlic powder. Mix to combine and pour out onto a sheet pan in a single layer.
Roast vegetables for 10 minutes, flip and roast for 10 more. They should be slightly browned but still have some bite to them.
Place vegetables back into large bowl and add olives, basil, capers and the ground black pepper.
In a large dry pan over medium high heat, toast couscous until slightly brown. Toss or stir often during browning so they don’t burn. Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil with the two teaspoons of salt and add the toasted couscous. Cook 8-10 minutes just until they are no longer hard but not too soft. (Al Dente)
While couscous is cooking, make the vinaigrette. Place all vinaigrette ingredients except the oil into a medium bowl and whisk. Slowly drizzle in oil while you whisk. Set aside.
Once couscous is cooked, drain thoroughly in strainer and add hot couscous to roasted vegetable mixture. Toss slightly then add in vinaigrette. Toss again. Let sit for 30 minutes at room temperature so couscous can absorb the vinaigrette and flavors.
If you are adding the feta cheese, add this in now, however the finished dish is very good as is. Serve immediately.


In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium high heat. Pour in the couscous and stirring frequently, cook until lightly toasted (about 2-3 minutes).
Add the chicken broth, lemon zest, lemon juice, salt and pepper and stir to combine. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer about 8 minutes – until the couscous is al dente. (Note: You should have some of the cooking liquid remaining after the 8 minutes – you will use this for the sauce.)
Stir in the Parmesan cheese, scallions, peas and chicken and mix until well combined. Serve immediately with additional Parmesan cheese grated on top if desired.




In the bowl of a stand mixture with paddle attachment, cream butter, shortening and oil for two minutes until fluffy. Add sugar and blend for two more minutes.
Add one egg at a time with mixer on low. Then add extract and combine.
In a separate bowl, sift flour and baking powder.
With mixture on low, alternate adding flour and milk to combine. Scrape bowl and mix again.
Dough should be soft, a bit sticky but easy to manage.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees with rack in upper third of oven.
On a floured surface, scrape out dough and knead by hand for two minutes.
Using a #40 ice cream scoop (Equivalent to 2 tablespoons), scoop right from the counter onto parchment lined sheet pans or cookie sheets about two inches apart. Roll each into balls between your palms after scooping each pan. Tap counter with pan so they go flat on the bottom and dome shaped on top. Work in batches baking one pan at a time.
Bake for ten minutes, and cool on wire racks once they come out. Bake remaining pans, cooling all before going to next step.
To make the icing, in a medium bowl, place powdered sugar and anise extract, whipping to combine. Then slowly add enough milk to make a thick and creamy icing. Too thin and it will run off cookie, too thick and you will not be able to dip the cookies. Use more or less milk or powdered sugar to get proper consistency.
Use the same parchment lined pans and place cooling rack over them. Prepare a work station by having cooled cookies, rack and parchment lined pans, glaze and sprinkles lined up. One at a time dip top of cookie in glaze then set on rack so glaze drips onto pan below. Do about four at a time, stop and sprinkle the tops with the candy sprinkles. Keep on doing four at a time until done then let sit at room temperature for an hour to let the glaze set up.
After the glaze sets up, you can pick them up without getting sticky fingers. Cover with plastic wrap and store at room temperature.
We made these at night and by the next morning; they were perfect and even seemed to have better flavor and texture. That being said, you should eat or serve these within a day or two, as they will get stale fast. You should not refrigerate.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Prepare garlic bread according to these directions.
In a medium bowl, combine both cheeses, sun dried tomatoes and olives. Mix to combine.
Lay garlic bread out on a crinkled sheet of foil on a sheet pan. (crinkling the foil allows the bread to sit off of direct heat)
Spread cheese mixture over bread. Pull foil up just to cover sides of bread but leave top exposed.
Bake ten minutes, remove to a cutting board and slice into thick slices and serve.


In a large heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, heat olive oil and place carrots, onions and celery in. Cook for five minutes.
Add stock, turn to medium high and cook five to ten more minutes until vegetables are almost tender.
Add in meatballs, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes.
Add in cooked chicken and simmer for one minute.
Add in chopped escarole and simmer for two to three more minutes or until wilted and cooked.
Stir in grated parmesan cheese.
Season with salt and pepper depending on how flavorful your stock is.
Spoon cooked ditalini or pasta of choice into serving bowl and ladle hot soup over and serve. We like this soup with a good crusty bread.


In a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium high heat and add pancetta and pepperoni. Cook stirring often for 3 minutes or until pancetta is crisp. If getting too browned, lower heat to medium.
Add onion, green pepper, fennel, and chili pepper and cook five minutes over medium high heat.
Add garlic and sausage meat and cook until browned, about 5-10 minutes.
Add chicken pieces and cook for 5-10 more minutes or until cooked through and no longer pink.
Add canned tomato, tomato paste, pepperoncini, chili powder, cumin, oregano and vinegar.
Bring to a simmer, cover partially and lower heat to a slow simmer and cook 30 minutes.
Add frozen corn and fresh tomatoes and cook just to heat, about five minutes.
Stir in fresh basil (saving some for garnish) and serve with a dollop of sour cream and additional basil.


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook lasagna noodles per box directions, pulling out while still chewy. Run under cold water to stop cooking and keep wet until ready to use. Make sure none are sticking together.
In a large sauté pan over medium high heat, add oil and onions and sauté for three minutes. Add garlic and pepper flakes and sauté for one minute. Add spinach and sauté until wilted, about two minutes. Set aside to cool.
In a large bowl, place ricotta, chopped cold cuts, chopped provolone, eggs, parsley, Parmesan, salt, pepper, oregano and basil. Stir to combine.
Add cooled onion and spinach mixture to ricotta mixture and stir to combine. Set aside.
In a medium to large sauce pan over medium heat, melt butter and add flour. Stir with a wooden spoon for about three minutes or until the raw flour smell is gone.
While whisking, add cream. The mixture will be tight and thick. Start adding milk one half at a time, whisking between each half. The first half will still produce a thick sauce but keep whisking until smooth then add the second half and whisk until the sauce is nice and creamy. Note: The cream and milk do not need to be heated first.
Spoon a little sauce into a small bowl and add salt, pepper, mustard, nutmeg, Worcestershire sauce, Tobasco sauce and Parmesan cheese. Stir vigorously with a fork to combine those ingredients. This step will assure no seasoning lumps in the sauce. Once this mixture is smooth, spoon it into the sauce and whisk it in.
Ladle some sauce on the bottoms of two 9X13 baking dishes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
On a clean counter, lay out the 20 lasagna noodles and with an ice cream scoop divide the filling between the noodles, then use a knife or the back of a spoon to spread to the edges.
Gently roll each one up and place in the prepared pans seam side down.
Divide the sauce between the two pans pouring over each rollup.
Divide the mozzarella between the two pans and bake uncovered for 35 minutes.
Serve two per portion.


Heat milk on stove or in microwave until it is exactly 110 degrees F.
Mix in yeast and let bloom for 10 minutes.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat eggs and add sugar and continue to beat until the mixture is pale in color.
Add salt, zests, extracts and butter and mix.
Slowly add two cups of flour with mixer running on low.
Replace paddle with dough hook and continue adding the remaining 2 cups of flour to produce a soft slightly tacky dough, adding the last half cup of flour only if needed. Turn the mixer to medium and knead for five minutes. The dough will be very soft and tender.
Pour into a large oiled bowl, cover with plastic and a dish towel and let rise in a warm place for about two hours or until doubled in size.
While dough is proofing, color eggs.
In six tea cups or coffee mugs, place one teaspoon of white vinegar each and 15 drops of food coloring each, using six different colors. Pour in ½ cup of boiling water per cup, stir and add one raw egg in shell to each cup. Let sit five minutes then remove and dry, then place back in refrigerator until later. Discard colored water.
Make glaze by combining water, sugar and anise extract. Bring to a boil to dissolve sugar and remove from heat. Cool and refrigerate until later. Save this simple syrup and the pearls for after bread is baked.
After the dough has doubled in size, pour out onto a floured counter and divide into 12 pieces by cutting in half, cutting each half in half then cutting each quarter into thirds.
Roll each piece out into logs, 14 inches long.
Take two logs and twist them together pinching both ends then pinching the two ends to each other to form a twisted circle. Repeat for the remaining five.
Line two sheet pans with parchment paper and place three per pan evenly spaced leaving room to proof.
Cover with plastic and a dish towel and proof in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 – 1 ½ hours.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Beat the egg and water to make an egg wash and brush each loaf, being careful to not let it drip down to the pan.
Press one colored raw egg into the center of each loaf, gently pressing down so it fits snug.
Bake for 20-25 minutes until golden.
Place on cooling racks over a sheet pan and while still warm, brush all over with the simple syrup, letting it drip down to the pan under the rack and sprinkle the tops with the sugar pearls.
Cool and refrigerate until ready to serve. (Because of the egg, these must be refrigerated.)


Place 
Add onions, peppers and celery and sauté three to five minutes or until celery is tender. Add garlic and sauté one more minute.
Add red pepper, thyme, oregano, parsley and diced potatoes. Sauté for 2 minutes.
Add wine and cook until the wine has reduced by half.
Add fish stock, canned tomatoes, tomato paste, salt and pepper and stir.
Reduce to medium and cook about 20 minutes or until potatoes are tender.
Taste and adjust seasoning then add the fish. Gently stir and cook over medium heat for about two to three minutes or until fish is cooked through. Do not stir too much or you will break apart the fish.


In a large heavy bottomed Dutch oven, melt butter in oil over medium heat and add leeks, onion, fennel and garlic. Sauté for about four minutes or until the onions start to get soft.
Add vermouth and cook until evaporated.
Add tomato paste and cook for one minute stirring so it doesn’t stick.
Add clam juice, stock, tomatoes, salt, pepper, parsley, half the basil, red pepper flakes, zucchini and corn and cook until zucchini is tender, about 5-8 minutes.
Add remaining basil and fish and stir just to incorporate. Heat the stew just to hot then remove from burner. Try not to stir too much so the fish does not break up.
Serve with some nice crusty Italian bread.




Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Cut each eggplant in half the long way and nip off the stem top.
Line a small sheet tray with parchment paper and brush the top of the parchment with a little of the olive oil.
Place eggplant halves cut down and pierce each outer skin several times with a fork.
Brush about a tablespoon of the olive oil over the skins and bake.
For medium sized eggplants, bake 25 minutes. For large eggplants, bake for 30 minutes. The eggplant should be just fork tender but not overcooked.
Flip each one over to cool on a rack over a pan. Once cooled to room temperature, use a spoon to scoop out and discard seeds. The seeds are on the fat end in little pockets and are very easy to remove. Use a fork to remove the flesh from the skin and if needed, use the edge of the fork to scrape away from the skin. Any large pieces should be chopped to bite sized pieces. You should have approximately 2 cups of cooked eggplant pieces once done. Set this aside. Leave oven on at 400 degrees F.
In a large sauté pan over medium high heat, place the remaining olive oil, onions and peppers and sauté for four minutes.
Add garlic and sauté for one minute.
Move vegetables to the edges of the pan and place sausage meat in the center. Sauté until browned, about 4-5 minutes.
Remove from heat and drain off all fat and discard fat.
Return the sausage mixture to the pan over medium heat and add the tomato paste and cook for five minutes stirring often.
Pour the sausage and tomato mixture into a 9x9-inch casserole dish or pan and top with the cooked shredded eggplant.
In a medium bowl, combine softened cream cheese with shredded cheddar cheese.
Using a spoon, dab the cheese mixture all over the top covering the eggplant as much as possible. It will melt and fill in any open spots as it bakes.
Bake for 20 minutes or until it starts to bubble up from the sides.
Place under the broiler for a minute or two to brown the top.
When it comes out of the oven, sprinkle with the scallion slices and serve hot with tortilla chips.


In a medium non-stick pot with tight fitting lid, cook sausage meat over medium high heat until browned. Remove to a strainer placed over a bowl and drain off any excess fat. Discard fat.
Heat the olive oil over medium heat and add shallots and celery and cook for two minutes.
Add rice and cook for one more minute.
Add kale and sage and cook just to wilt kale, about one more minute.
Add stock and bring to a boil. Lower heat, cover and cook over low for 50 minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in dried cranberries and cooked sausage. Cover and let rest ten minutes.
Stir once more and serve immediately.


In a large skillet, heat pan on high and add 1 tablespoon of the oil. Heat until the oil starts to smoke and add mushrooms. With a wooden spoon move the mushrooms around so they cook evenly. Using high heat keeps them from giving up their liquid and they stay plump so keep the heat on high. After they are nice and browned, shut off burner, add bourbon and stir. The mushrooms will absorb the liquid and the alcohol will burn off. Move them to a bowl and set aside.
Heat the pan back up to medium high and add one more tablespoon of oil and the butter. When butter has melted, add the onions and black pepper. Turn the burner down to medium low and cook slowly for fifteen minutes, stirring occasionally. Add garlic and cook for ten more minutes. Shut off burner and stir in basil. Remove to a bowl and set aside.
While onions are slowly sautéing, heat a small pan over medium high heat and dry cook the fennel seeds. Toss or stir frequently until slightly browned. Pour onto a cutting board and crush thoroughly with the bottom of a heavy pan or use a coffee grinder to crush to a powder. Mix this with the garlic and mayonnaise and set aside.
After removing onions, heat pan back up to medium high and add one tablespoon of the oil then add sausages. Brown for 2 minutes on each side then turn the burner down to medium and cook until cooked through, about 5 – 10 more minutes. Check one by cutting open if you are not sure. Set the sausages aside.
Remove the fat except for one tablespoon and add the remaining tablespoon of oil. Heat to medium high and add the peppers. Cook stirring occasionally for about 15 minutes until they are tender and browned but not mushy. Remove to a bowl.
Heat back to medium high and add vermouth. Scrape pan bottom and add in all other cooked ingredients. Toss to combine and remove from the heat.
Heat oven to 350 degrees.
To assemble, spread ⅓ of the aioli into the inside of the cut roll. Add two sausage links and ⅓ of the vegetable mixture. Layer two slices of provolone cheese over each sub then repeat with the other two subs. Place in the oven for a few minutes just to heat rolls and melt the cheese.
Since this is such a hearty sandwich, serve with something simple like chips and a pickle.


Before you begin, pour your two cans of tomatoes into a bowl and crush with your hand. Don’t break them up too small, you want large chunks.
In a large heavy bottomed pot with a lid, on a burner with no flame, pour in olive oil and add red pepper flakes, garlic, onion, most of the oregano, basil and mint (save a little bit of each for the end), sugar salt and pepper. Turn on the burner and slowly bring up to hot. When the onions and garlic start to cook, stir and heat for five minutes.
Remove the pot from the burner and place a 
After 90 minutes, remove from heat and add the reserved herbs and Parmesan cheese. Add the butter to round out the flavors. Stir again and serve.




Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.
Mix first five ingredients in a large bowl.
Mix all of the dry except walnuts in a separate smaller bowl.
Add the dry ingredients to the bowl with the wet ingredients and stir just to combine.
Stir in walnuts.
Using shortening, grease the inside of two 9x5-inch loaf pans. Then add flour and tip the loaf pans on all sides so flour adheres to shortening.
Divide the batter between the two loaf pans and bake for one hour.
Poke a toothpick into the center of each bread to test for doneness – and it doesn’t come out clean, cook for a five or ten more minutes.
Cool in pan for five minutes then remove from pans to wire rack and cool to room temperature.
Cut each loaf pan into eight slices and serve.


Soak bread in milk in a large bowl.
After the bread soaks for 4-5 minutes, add eggs and beat with the wet bread.
Add onions, garlic, Parmesan, parsley, salt and pepper and stir to combine.
Add the beef, pork and veal and gently work the mixture to combine the ingredients but do not over mix.
Using an ice cream scoop, scoop out meatballs to about 2 ½ ounces each (would roughly fit into a ¼ cup measuring cup). However you can make them any size you want, just adjust cooking times.
Wet your hands and roll out the meatballs into a round shape. Place in the refrigerator to firm up if the mixture gets too warm. They will keep their shape better when cooking if not too soft.
In a large 12”–14” skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat.
Working in two batches, gently place the meatballs in the pan and cook a few minutes on each side (top, bottom, and all sides), using a few soup spoons to roll the meatballs over as they cook. The meatballs will flatten just a bit and not stay exactly round but as you keep turning and browning, they will form back into a round shape. (strain out oil between batches with a slotted spoon to get rid of any burned bits). Total cooking time for each batch should be about 10-12 minutes. Use a probe thermometer and remove from pan at 150 degrees F.
The meatballs are fully cooked and can be used in a variety of recipes. For spaghetti and meatballs, put the meatballs directly into a pot of your favorite tomato sauce and continue to cook in the sauce for another five to ten minutes. Or place them into hot stock for an Italian Meatball soup.
These meatballs freeze well. Freeze on a single layer in a dish or pan. Once frozen, place in zip lock bags and place back into the freezer.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Butter a 9x9-inch baking pan
In the bowl of a food processor, pulse bread until crumbly but not too fine; a little larger than a grain of rice. Pour into a medium to large bowl.
Mix in melted butter and both sugars.
Add baking powder, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg and stir to combine.
Add eggs, milk and shredded apples (plus any liquid from shredding the apples) into the mixture and stir.
Pour batter into the prepared pan and bake uncovered for 45 minutes.
Using an ice-cream scoop, scoop hot pudding into serving bowls and top with a scoop of vanilla ice-cream.


Place cubed meat, Tabasco, vinegar, liquid smoke and garlic powder in zip lock bag and marinate four hours or overnight. Drain and discard marinade. Pat beef dry with paper towels.
In a 10-quart heavy bottomed Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium high heat. Brown beef cubes on all sides and remove from pan.
In same pan, brown ground beef and pork and remove from pan.
Add paprika, onions, celery, both peppers and garlic. Cook for 2 minutes and add beef cubes, ground beef and ground pork back in.
Add in beer and stir to remove any brown bits from bottom.
Add in all other ingredients except kidney and black beans. Place a heat diffuser between the pot and stovetop heat. (Using a 
Add in both beans and simmer for an additional hour.
Check seasoning and adjust with more salt, pepper, chili powder or cumin. Cook five more minutes to blend flavors.
Serve with shredded cheddar cheese over top and 


To prepare the meatloaf, begin by soaking the white bread in the milk.
While bread is soaking, add all other ingredients to a large bowl.
With your hands, work the soaked bread until mushed. Add bread and any milk left in the bowl to the beef mixture.
Gently fold and mix all ingredients until blended. Do not over mix or meatloaf will come out tough.
On a parchment lined sheet pan, shape mixture into a loaf. Use a spatula to square off all sides. With wet hands, smooth all surfaces of the loaf. This will stop it from cracking when it cooks.
Place in the refrigerator for one hour to set up.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place meatloaf in preheated oven on center rack and bake for 45 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 150 degrees with a probe thermometer.
Remove from oven and let rest 15 minutes before cutting and serving.
To prepare the gravy, melt butter in a medium-sized sauce pan. When butter is completely melted, add flour and stir. Cook the flour and butter mixture stirring constantly for 3-5 minutes or until the raw flour smell is gone. (The smell will resemble cooked chestnuts when ready.)
Add the entire can of stock and stir with a wire whisk until blended.
Add milk, thyme, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and Kitchen Bouquet. Stir to blend.
Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper to your taste and serve over meatloaf.


Place washed unpeeled potatoes in a large pot and cover with water to about 6 inches above potatoes. Add one tablespoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce to a medium boil and boil for 30 to 40 minutes depending on the size of your potatoes. Prick with a fork to tell when they are done.
While potatoes are cooking, bring a medium pot of water to a boil, add the 1 ½ tablespoons of white vinegar, and gently add the whole eggs in with a slotted spoon being careful not to crack the shells. Boil rapidly for five minutes. Turn off heat and let the eggs sit in the hot water for 15 minutes.
Drain the eggs and shake the pan back and forth to crack the shells. Under running water remove the shells. Roughly chop the eggs in large pieces and set aside.
In a medium bowl, mix the other 1 ½ tablespoons of white vinegar, cider vinegar, onions, celery salt, pepper, poppy seeds, sugar, mustard and 
Mix both oils together in a measuring cup or other small container.
Once the potatoes are cooked, leave them in the hot water and remove one at a time with a slotted spoon to your cutting board. Cut potatoes into chunks and place in large bowl.
Once you are a quarter of the way through cutting the hot potatoes, pour one quarter of the mixed oil over the cut potatoes and gently combine. Continue with cutting and oiling until all of the oil and potatoes are in the large bowl.
Add the mayonnaise mixture to the hot oiled potatoes and gently mix. Add the cooked eggs and gently mix.
Now pour the entire contents out onto a sheet pan spreading evenly. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until chilled to below 40 degrees. Once cool enough remove potato salad to your serving container and enjoy.
If serving this outside, try to keep shaded and, as an added precaution, place a bowl of ice (larger than the bowl you are using) under the bowl of potato salad to keep it chilled while serving. Place leftovers in the refrigerator as soon as you have finished serving.




In a medium bowl, whisk eggs for one minute until creamy.
Slowly add half of the milk, whisking while you add.
Sift flour, salt and baking powder and add a little at a time whisking as you add.
Slowly add rest of milk whisking as you add. Batter will be consistency of heavy cream.
Let batter sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Generously grease the popover pans with the vegetable shortening.
Fill each half full. If using muffin pan, also grease and fill half full.
Bake for 15 minutes at 425 degrees, lower heat to 350 degrees and bake for an additional 15-20 minutes. Ours were done in 32 minutes total. When you lower temp to 350 degrees, do not open oven door.
The popovers should have risen up and over the tops of the pan and be light and airy, not doughy.
Serve hot with butter and jam.




Drain anchovies and put in a cup with water for ten minutes. Drain and dry.
In a mortar with pestle, add anchovies and mash. Add garlic and a pinch of salt and mash until a paste forms. Add capers and a teaspoon of oil and continue mashing. Add parsley and the rest of the oil and mash back into a loose paste.
In a small bowl, combine contents of mortar along with tomatoes and olives. Depending on how well you rinsed anchovies, you may or may not need the salt so taste first. Add pepper and reserve this sauce for later. This sauce will not be cooked.
In a medium pot, heat stock, add kale and cover. Cook five minutes and pull from heat just as the kale starts to turn color.
Add room temperature uncooked sauce and cheese. Stir and serve.


Place pork ribs in a large 8 quart heavy pot and cover the ribs with water almost to the top. Bring to a boil uncovered, lower to a fast simmer (low boil) and cook for 45 minutes, skimming off foam as they start to boil. Shut off burner and let them sit in the water for 15 minutes.
While the pork is cooking, in a medium frying pan, cook the 
Once cooked, remove ribs from the pot and let cool. Save the liquid in the pot.
To the pot of liquid, add the sauerkraut and juice, shredded cabbage, stewed tomatoes, caraway seeds and salt as well as the cooked salt pork and onion mixture.
Cook over medium high heat until cabbage is cooked, approximately 30-35 minutes. While the cabbage mixture is cooking, remove the meat from the bones, shredding the meat into bite-sized pieces. Return the cooked pork to the pot once the cabbage is tender and heat to serving temperature.
Peel and quarter potatoes and place in cold sated water while cabbage mixture is cooking. Bring to a boil and over a medium boil, cook potatoes for 5-10 minutes or until tender. Drain water and cool potatoes to room temperature. Once the cabbage mixture has finished cooking, cut cooked potatoes into bite sized pieces and either add to the finished cabbage dish or serve on the side. (cooking in quarters and cutting after the fact will make them more firm and less mushy since less of the surface touched the boiling water.
Serve with rye bread and butter for a traditional Polish meal.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large bowl, mix all cake ingredients except chips with a wooden spoon until smooth. Stir in the chocolate chips.
Butter and flour a 10” Bundt pan, tapping out any loose flour.
Pour batter into pan spreading evenly.
Bake for 45-50 minutes in center of oven until a tooth pick poked into the cake comes out clean.
Cool for 10 minutes then invert onto a cooling rack. Cool to room temperature.
Transfer cake to a serving plate.
Make the ganache after the cake has cooled. Heat cream to hot and remove from heat just as it begins to start to boil. Do not let it boil.
Add chocolate and let sit five minutes then stir with a whisk to melt all of the chocolate.
Add butter and rum and whisk. Cool slightly, about 5 to 10 minutes.
Drizzle the ganache over the cake covering as much of the surface as possible, letting the ganche drip down the sides of the cake.
Cut into slices to serve.


In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Set aside.
In a heavy bottomed saucepan, heat milk, heavy cream, sweetened condense milk and sugar, stirring occasionally until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is hot. (This will take less than 5 minutes - do not bring to a simmer or boil.) Remove from the heat.
Take about a cup of the hot mixture and very slowly drizzle it into the bowl with the egg yolks – constantly whisking while you add the hot mixture. (A slow drizzle will prevent the eggs from cooking as you add the hot cream mixture.)
Once your egg mixture is smooth, slowly pour the egg mixture back into the saucepan with the rest of the hot cream mixture.
Cook the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens a bit and coats the back of a spoon. (This will take less than 5 minutes as well, and again, do not bring the mixture to a simmer or boil, or it will curdle.)
Remove the pan from the heat and pour the mixture through a fine strainer into a bowl (a large measuring cup 
Cover the bowl with a large piece of plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the custard. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the custard as it cools.) Refrigerate overnight.
Churn in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s instructions. After churning, freeze again for 4-6 hours before serving.
While the ice cream is freezing again, prepare the crumb topping by combining all ingredients in a small bowl and mix well. Store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
When ready to serve, sprinkle the crumb topping over the ice cream and enjoy!


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Line a sheet pan with a sheet of parchment or wax paper. With a brush, cover the paper and sides of pan with the melted butter. Make sure every surface is coated in butter.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat 1½ cups sugar and eggs for at least five minutes until light and fluffy. Add in Key lime juice and zest and stir.
Pour batter into prepared pan and bake uncovered for 12-15 minutes. The top will get brown and golden and bubble up in places. This is what you want. The browned top gets rolled into the center so imperfections are not seen.
While pan is in oven, lay a clean dish cloth on your counter with the short end facing you. The dish cloth should be a little larger than the pan you baked the torte in.
Take the remaining ¾ cup of sugar and sprinkle it over the dish cloth spreading it a little beyond the size of your sheet pan.
When the torte comes out of the oven, take a wet knife and run it quickly along all four sides (see photo just above) to loosen the torte. Keep wetting the knife as you go.
Then quickly invert the whole pan over the sugar lined dish cloth, again so the short side of the pan is towards you. Lift the pan off then carefully peel off the parchment paper and discard.
Again, working quickly, start rolling the torte away from you, using the towel to push the roll forward until it is completely rolled (like you would roll sushi).
Then seal the rolled torte in the same dish cloth rolling it backwards gently then folding in the sides so that the torte is sealed in the dish cloth.
Lift the cloth-encased torte onto a platter and refrigerate for three to four hours until set. As it sits in the refrigerator, the center of the tort will get a little creamy.
After three to four hours (we gave it four), gently unroll out of the towel onto a cutting board and with a sharp knife, make slices on the bias and present one slice per person on dessert dishes.
Use a spatula to lift each slice, they are very delicate. Garnish with lime zest if you wish.


In medium sauce pan, melt butter and add shallots and pepper flakes over medium heat.
Sauté three minutes then add sherry. Cook to evaporate the sherry, about two minutes.
Add apple juice and bring to a boil then reduce to a fast simmer and cook down to a syrup, about ten minutes.
Add cola and bring to a boil then reduce to a fast simmer and cook down to a syrup, about ten minutes.
Add brown sugar, mustard and ketchup and simmer until thick and sticky, about five minutes. (About the consistency of a thick maple syrup).
Turn the burner off and leave sauce in the pan.
Heat a grill pan over medium heat and once hot, lay out half of the kielbasa slices and cook for five minutes. Turn each slice and cook for five more minutes. Add this batch to the sauce but leave the fat behind.
Pour the fat into a small bowl and wipe the pan clean.
Repeat for the second half of the kielbasa, again adding to the sauce and pouring the fat into the small bowl.
Turn the burner back on under the sauce at a low heat to stay warm while you grill the pineapple.
Wipe the pan clean and heat back over medium.
Pour two tablespoons of the reserved fat onto the pan and once hot, place all of the pineapple pieces onto the hot fat.
Grill the pineapple for five minutes per side and add to the pan with the kielbasa.
Serve hot as an appetizer.


Peel, core and dice one of the apples.
In a large skillet with tight fitting lid, melt butter over medium high and add onion. Cook for two minutes and add cabbage, apple juice, sugar, vinegar, salt, pepper and diced apple. Cover and cook over medium heat for 15 minutes.
After 15 minutes add kielbasa, cover and cook for ten more minutes.
While kielbasa is heating, core but don’t peel last apple. Cut into 16 wedges and add to dish at the end. Stir once and serve. The texture will be a mix of crunchy apples with soft cooked cabbage and kielbasa.


Grill the whole kielbasa unsliced on an outdoor grill or in a ribbed pan until heated through and browned. Remove from heat and let sit unsliced.
Lay out four slices of the dark Pumpernickel and divide the sliced Gouda between all four slices.
Divide the Russian dressing and spread over the cheese on all four slices.
Place the sauerkraut on two halves.
Cut the Kielbasa into ¼ inch slices on the bias and place on the other two halves.
Heat a flat grill pan over medium high heat and melt butter to cover the whole surface.
When the butter starts to get frothy and a little brown, lay all four slices down with topping facing up.
Cover loosely with a sheet of foil to keep the filling hot.
Keep heat between medium and medium high so that the cheese melts before the bread gets too browned.
Once done, combine the two halves and serve sliced in half.


Soak skewers in water for two hours or longer.
If using an outdoor grill, heat to medium heat. Or use a ribbed grill pan on your stove.
In a medium bowl, mix all ingredients except lamb until combined. Then add lamb and mix just enough to combine without over working the meat.
Form into seven oval shaped patties.
Place two skewers side by side into each. (Two makes it easy to flip on grill).
Gill over medium heat flipping halfway through to a nicely seared exterior and cooked to your liking on the inside. We cooked ours to medium which took about 12-15 minutes.
To serve, place one or two patties on open flat bread and top with shredded lettuce, chopped tomato and a generous drizzle of 


Remove wing tips and freeze for stock. Separate wing portion from drum portion. Set aside.
Peel and core pear and cut up. Place in food processor and puree. Add this to a medium bowl.
Add onion and garlic to food processor and puree. Add this to pear puree.
Add all other marinade ingredients and stir to combine.
Place chicken pieces in a gallon zip lock bag and pour in marinade. Make sure all wings are coated, seal and refrigerate overnight.
Make dipping sauce by placing all ingredients in a sauce pan and bring to a simmer, then remove from heat. Refrigerate until ready to use.
The next day, rinse off marinade and pat wings dry with paper towels. Must be dry so they won’t splatter in the hot oil.
Heat oil in a large Dutch oven about half filled with oil. Heat to 350 degrees F using a 
Heat oven to 250 degrees F to keep batches warm between frying.
Cook wing pieces in three batches by placing in hot oil and frying for 8 minutes. Try to maintain the oil at 350 degrees F.
Reheat dipping sauce to room temperature.
Using a 
Repeat for the second and third batches.
To serve, pour wings out onto a platter and top with sesame seeds and scallions.


In a large bowl, toss cucumbers, daikon and scallions.
In a small bowl combine all other ingredients then mix with the cucumber mixture.
Cover tightly and let sit overnight.
Stir and serve. Discard any remaining liquid.


In a microwave safe dish, place lamb shank and all liquid from pouch. Set aside and discard plastic pouch.
Follow the same step for the eggplant using a second microwave safe dish. Note: You will only be using about half of the eggplant package. The remaining eggplant should be eaten at another meal as soon as possible.
Slice the bread on the bias to produce elongated slices of bread. Brush with melted butter and place butter side down in a grill pan with ribs and heat just long enough to produce golden brown grill marks. Set these aside and have garlic standing by for later.
In a small bowl mix all of the spread ingredients with a fork. Set aside.
In a small bowl, place lemon juice and mustard.
With a mortar and pestle, place fresh oregano, garlic, salt, pepper and pepper flakes and pulverize to a paste. Add this to the lemon juice mixture.
Slowly add in the oil, whisking vigorously as you add. Set aside.
Toss the greens with the fresh mint leaves and set aside. (Mix three parts greens with one part mint.)
Place a piece of paper towel over lamb (to stop splattering) and microwave two minutes. Remove bone and shred with two forks. Set aside.
Heat the eggplant for two to three minutes, also with a paper towel over top to catch splatters. Remove the eggplant pieces to your cutting board and cut into thick strips as long as the bread slices you prepared.
To serve, place the grilled bread slices in the toaster and just toast to slightly crispy. As soon as they come out, rub the grill marked top with the garlic half.
Spread the goat cheese over each.
Lay eggplant slices over goat cheese.
Spoon some of the tomato confit (from the eggplant) over the top.
Top with the shredded lamb and sprinkle some additional chopped mint or oregano over each.
Toss the salad with the appropriate amount of dressing and serve on small dishes with the crostini.
This recipe makes 8-10 crostini’s which should be enough for 4-6 people for a lunch or brunch or a starting course to an elegant meal.


In a large pot place lamb and cover with water. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and discard water. This will remove all impurities from the finished stock.
Place lamb back in pot with all other stock ingredients, bring to a boil then simmer for 2 ½ hours uncovered. Cool and strain. Remove meat from other solids and discard solids. You should be left with about 5 or 6 cups of stock and about a pound or so of meat. A little more or less is fine. Let fat rise to top, skim off and discard all but one tablespoon of fat. Reserve that tablespoon for the soup.
Place the tablespoon of fat back into the pot along with two tablespoons of olive oil and add onions and garlic. Cook over medium high for four minutes and add mushrooms. Cook for another 3 minutes and add stock, diced tomatoes, barley, thyme, rosemary and parsley. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce to a low simmer. Cook covered for one hour.
Remove lid and add cooked lamb and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes.
Remove from heat and taste for salt and pepper. I did not add any additional salt or pepper to mine.
Serve with chopped fresh parsley sprinkled over the top of the bowls.


Note: If you have a wide, high skillet or fry pan, that is best as this dish needs a large surface to caramelize. However, a 5 quart Dutch oven will work just fine.
Heat olive oil and two tablespoons of butter over high heat. Once the butter starts to brown, add the mushrooms and cook on high for ten minutes. Remove the cooked mushrooms to a medium bowl.
Lower temperature to medium high.
Add two more tablespoons of butter and once melted, add ground beef. Cook until no longer pink, about 3-4 minutes. Remove to the bowl with the mushrooms.
Add two more tablespoons of butter and add the onions. Cook until caramelized, about five minutes.
Move the onions to the outer edge of the pan and add two more tablespoons of butter and add cabbage and caraway seeds. Cook about five minutes to start to break down the cabbage then add the mushrooms and beef back in along with the remained butter, the well-drained sauerkraut, bay leaf, thyme, marjoram, paprika, salt, pepper and one half cup of the sour cream.
Once the mixture starts to bubble, reduce to medium to medium low and cook uncovered for 45 minutes, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon to make sure it doesn’t stick. If it starts to stick before 45 minutes, add a little olive oil and continue to cook.
Remove and discard bay leaf.
While Lazanki is cooking, cook egg noodles per package directions.
To serve, spoon noodles into a bowl, then place ladles full of the Lazanki on top. Top with a dollop of sour cream, and sprinkle with chopped parsley.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees and place oven rack in highest possible position.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, or by hand, blend flour, sugar and ground almonds until combined.
Add all other ingredients and mix to a stiff dough. (I switched to a dough hook because the batter is thick and heavy and I didn’t want to burn out the motor)
Pour dough onto counter and divide into eight logs. Cut each log into three then each piece into three again yielding 72 pieces.
Roll each piece into a ball and press down to form a cookie about 2 ¼ inches in diameter and about ⅜th inch thick.
Line up two dozen per parchment lined cookie sheets (the cookies do not spread when baked) and bake one pan at a time for exactly 12 minutes. They will be blonde in color both on top and bottom. If you try to brown them, they get really hard once they cool. Twelve minutes yields a nice firm but chewy cookie.


In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Combine the flour and salt. With the mixer on low, slowly add the flour mixture to the butter and sugar mixture until just mixed. The mixture will resemble large, soft crumbs.
Pour the crumbs of dough into a 13x9x2-inch baking pan (glass works best for us) and press the dough evenly into the bottom of the pan, making the dough as smooth as possible and building up a ½ inch edge on all sides.
Chill the dough.
While the dough is chilling, preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Once the oven has preheated, bake the crust for 15 to 20 minutes or until the crust is very lightly browned. Remove from the oven and let cool. Keep the oven on.
While the crust is baking, make the filling as follows:
Mix together the eggs, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, and flour. Mix until well combined.
Pour the filling mixture over the baked crust and then bake for 25 to 30 minutes until the filling is set.
Let cool completely. (We found it easiest to cut these bars if they were refrigerated for a few hours before cutting.)
Cut into 12 squares – then cut each square into triangles (either 24 or 48 smaller triangles).
Dust with confectioners’ sugar before serving.


Prepare a 
In a medium saucepan, combine sugar, cornstarch, milk, egg yolks, butter and lemon peel. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture is thick and bubbly. Cook and stir for two minutes more. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice.
Pour the mixture into a large mixing bowl and immediately cover with plastic wrap, pushing down and making sure that the plastic is touching the top of the lemon curd so that a skin doesn’t form. Let cool to room temperature.
When the lemon curd has cooled, gently stir in the sour cream and blueberries, taking care not to break the blueberries. When mixed completely, pour into your baked pie crust.
Cover and chill at least 4 hours.
If desired, serve with sweetened whipped cream and garnish with lemon slices.


Using a vegetable peeler, remove the zest from the whole lemons. (Try to avoid peeling any of the bitter white pith as you remove the zest.)
Fit a food processor with a metal blade. Place the zest in the bowl of the processor along with the sugar. Pulse until the zest is very finely chopped and fully incorporated into the sugar.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add the sugar and lemon mixture and beat to mix well.
Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the lemon juice and salt and mix again.
Secure a candy thermometer to the side of a medium saucepan. Pour the lemon mixture into the saucepan and over low heat, stirring constantly, cook until thickened (around 170 degrees – the mixture will be just below a simmer).
Remove the curd from the heat and pour into a bowl. Cover the bowl with a large piece of plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the curd. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the curd as it cools.)
Refrigerate overnight to thicken further.


In a small bowl, combine all ingredients and mix well. (It’s very important that the butter be soft.)
To shape the compound butter into a cylinder – spoon the butter onto a large piece of parchment paper. Fold the parchment over the butter (keeping it in a rounded shape, not creased) and roll the butter back and forth until you have a smooth cylinder shape. (Tip: If your butter is very soft and you are having difficulty rolling it into shape, place the butter in the refrigerator for a short time to firm the butter up just a bit.)
Twist the ends of the parchment paper on each side. Place the butter in the refrigerator until firm.
Once the butter is firm, slice into ½ inch slices and serve. Or the slices may be put into tightly sealed plastic bag and stored in the freezer up to 1 month.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Lightly spray an 8 ½ x 4 ½ inch loaf pan with non-stick cooking spray. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter and sugar. Add the eggs and blend.
In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Gradually add the dry mixture to the butter mixture, alternating with the iced tea, until all of the dry ingredients and the ice tea have been incorporated.
Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pan and bake for 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the loaf comes out clean.
Remove the loaf from the oven and let cool – removing the loaf from the pan after about 10 minutes to finish cooling.
When the loaf is cooled, prepare the glaze by whisking together the confectioner’s sugar and lemon juice in a small bowl.
Drizzle the glaze over the loaf. The iced tea loaf may be refrigerated if desired to set the icing more quickly.
Garnish with lemon zest if desired. Slice and serve.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and spray an 8x8-inch pan with cooking spray, or line with foil and spray with cooking spray for easy clean up. (I recommend using the foil liner so it’s easier to cut the finished fudge.)
In a medium bowl, mix the cookie crumbs and melted butter, and press into the prepared pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Let cool while you prepare the filling.
To Make the Lemon Meringue Fudge
Place the white chocolate chips in a medium saucepan. Add the sweetened condensed milk and warm over medium-low heat, stirring until melted.
Once the mixture in the pan has melted, remove from the heat and stir in the lemon extract, lemon zest, and food coloring, if using. Pour two-thirds of the fudge over the crust and spread. Working quickly, add the marshmallow fluff to the remaining fudge in the saucepan. Fold, being careful to not totally mix them together; you want swirls of fudge and fluff. Pour and spread over the fudge already in pan.
Let cool to room temperature and then refrigerate to set. Slice into squares or triangles and serve. (We decided to garnish ours with some additional lemon zest.) Cover and store at room temperature or in the refrigerator. The fudge will keep for 3 to 4 days.


Heat sugar and water to boiling. Add lemon slices, reduce to a simmer and cook 30 minutes. Dry for one hour on a rack covered with wax or parchment paper. Cut each slice into quarters and set aside.
In a medium bowl, place lemon curd, mascarpone, limoncello and lemon extract. Mix with a whisk until fully combined.
In a separate bowl, beat cream to stiff peaks and fold into the lemon mixture.
Place filling into a pastry bag fitted with a star tip and pipe evenly into the mini fillo shells.
Top each with a candied lemon slice and serve.


Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Line a 9x9-in baking pan with a large enough sheet of foil so that the edges of the foil reach over the sides of the pan (you will use the foil to lift the cheesecake from the pan). Press the foil down into the bottom and corners of the pan being careful not to tear the foil.
Place 20 OREO’s into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until the cookies are ground in fine crumbs. Add the melted butter and pulse again until evenly combined. Pour the crumbs into your prepared baking pan and spread evenly, then press the crumbs down firmly to create a crust in the bottom of the pan.
Bake for 10 minutes. Remove the baking pan from the oven, but leave the oven on at 325 degrees.
While the crust is baking, place the cream cheese in the bowl of stand mixer and beat on medium-high speed until light and fluffy (approximately 2 minutes). Add the sugar and mix well. Blend in the sour cream, vanilla and lemon extracts and salt. Add the egg and egg yolk and mix until all of the ingredients are completely combined. Remove the bowl from the stand mixer and with a rubber spatula, fold in the OREO pieces until evenly combined throughout the batter.
Pour the cheesecake batter over the crust in the baking pan, and evenly spread to cover the crust. Bake for approximately 20-25 minutes – you want the cheesecake to be set around the edges but still slightly wobbly in the center.
Remove the pan from the oven and allow to cool on a wire rack until it is room temperature (do not put the pan in the refrigerator at this point to cool – otherwise the top may crack). Once the pan has reached room temperature, then cover and place the cheesecake in the refrigerator to chill completely (3-4 hours).
When ready to serve, gently pull up on the edges of the foil and pull the cheesecake out of the pan. Place on a cutting board and peel away the foil.
In a small bowl, combine the powdered sugar and enough lemon juice to create a medium-thick glaze. Place a small round tip into a piping bag, and fill with the prepared glaze. In a diagonal pattern, drizzle the glaze over the entire cheesecake.
Slice the cheesecake into bars – we found it helpful to wet the knife with warm water before slicing. Wipe the knife clean in between cuts so that the edges of the bars stay neat.
Serve immediately, or keep refrigerated until ready to serve.


Cook pasta according to package directions.
In a small pan, melt butter and add juice and zest from lemon.
When pasta is cooked, drain and add back to pan along with butter mixture. Pour cheese over and toss.
Serve with additional cheese sprinkled over each portion.


In a small bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt and whisk to combine. Set aside.
In a medium bowl, combine the drained ricotta cheese, milk, egg yolks, vanilla and lemon zest. Stir to combine. Set aside.
With an electric mixer, beat the egg whites until they are very stiff. Set aside.
To make the pancakes, add the dry ingredients to the ricotta mixture and stir just until combined. Stir in a small amount of the egg whites to lighten the batter, then fold in the remaining whites.
Heat a flat griddle pan over medium heat. Spray the surface with a non-stick cooking spray (or brush with oil), then pour the batter onto the griddle (each pancake should use about ⅓ cup of the batter). Cook until golden brown on each side (about 3 minutes on each side).
Top pancakes with a generous spoonful of 


The night before or morning of dinner, place chicken pieces in a gallon zip lock bag with lemon juice, ¼ cup of SPLENDA® Sweetener and ¼ cup chopped fresh rosemary. Turn the bag occasionally.
About 90 minutes before serving, remove chicken from bag and discard liquid. Pat chicken dry with paper towels.
In a gallon zip lock bag, place flour, salt, paprika, pepper and dry rosemary. Shake to mix.
Add a few chicken pieces at a time and shake bag to coat. Remove chicken to a platter but do not shake off excess yet. Continue until all pieces are coated.
Heat both oils in a heavy bottomed skillet or cast iron pan to 350. To maintain 350, you may need to leave your burner on high as you brown all pieces.
Working in three or more batches, shake excess flour off and place chicken pieces in pan to brown all sides, about ten minutes per batch.
As each batch finishes, place in a baking pan in a single layer.
Once the pan is full and all chicken has been browned, heat oven to 350 degrees.
While oven is heating, cover the tops of the chicken pieces with the lemon zest. Next place the whole rosemary along the edges around the chicken. Take half of the ¼ cup of SPLENDA® Sweetener and sprinkle over the chicken pieces. Next lay the lemon slices over the browned chicken and sprinkle the other half of the SPLENDA® Sweetener over the lemon slices. Lastly pour the chicken stock around the edges of the pan, then push the whole rosemary down into the liquid so it is at least wet from the stock (so it doesn’t burn).
Bake for 35-45 minutes or until cooked through and no longer pink.


In a medium to large bowl, sift the flour, salt and baking powder and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream butter with sugar and beat until light and fluffy, about 2-3 minutes.
Add the eggs and vanilla and mix to combine.
With the mixer running, slowly add the flour mixture until combined.
Place the dough in plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for about an hour or less to firm it up so that it can be rolled. If left refrigerated too long, it will become too hard to roll and will need to soften a bit at room temperature.
While the dough is chilling, make the icing.
Place the butter and confectioner’s sugar in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment and beat to combine. This must be completely mixed and creamy before adding the lemon juice.
With the mixer running, drizzle in the lemon juice and vanilla then beat to combine into a smooth liquidy icing.
Remove one cup of the icing and mix with the yellow food coloring and set aside. Set the remaining icing aside as well.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Flour a piece of parchment and place half the dough in the center. Flour the top and flatten with your hands, dust with flour again then place a second piece of parchment over the top.
Using a rolling pin, roll to ¼ inch thick over the top of the parchment.
Remove top parchment and set aside to use on the second half.
Using a 2 ½ inch star cookie cutter, press into the dough and make as many as you can. Pull away the extra scraps and set aside then pick up each star and place on cookie sheets lined with parchment paper. Place as many as you can on each sheet, as they do not spread.
Bake eight minutes and remove from oven.
Slip parchment onto cooling racks.
Repeat for second half of dough.
Roll up scraps and repeat with more stars. Keep reusing scraps until you have none left. The dough does not get tough if reused.
After all 52 have baked and cooled, set up a sheet tray with a rack and begin dipping each cookie face down into the icing only covering the top, then invert onto the rack. Repeat for all 52.
Place the one cup of the yellow icing into a small pastry bag with a small tip cut off the end and drizzle over the tops of each cookie.
Let sit uncovered until complexly set and no longer wet, about 3-4 hours. (Don’t cover pans with plastic until they are completely dry.) Once set, then you can stack them or cover them or store them without them sticking to each other.




Soak skewers submerged in water for 30 minutes. Use a dish or bowl to hold them under water.
In a medium bowl, mix lemon juice, zest, chili paste, fish sauce, sugar and salt.
Remove skin and any dark meat from the swordfish. Cut remaining fish into 24 even cubes.
Place swordfish in lemon mixture and marinate for 30 minutes.
(Start cooking your rice now if you plan to serve it with this dish.)
Place a small pan of water on to boil and prepare an ice bath. When the water boils, place snow peas in and blanch for 30 seconds. Remove to ice bath then drain and pat dry. Set aside.
After the fish marinates for 30 minutes begin assembling the skewers but do not discard marinade.
Place a fish piece on skewer and slide to the end. Then wrap a snow pea around a tomato and slide onto skewer. Repeat until you have three pieces of fish and three wrapped tomatoes then finish with a forth piece of fish. Repeat for all six skewers.
Place skewers in a dish and coat with olive oil, salt and pepper.
Heat a ribbed grill pan to medium hot.
While pan is heating, place marinade in small sauce pan and heat. Mix corn starch and water to make slurry and add a little at a time to hot marinade until a creamy glaze is formed. Set aside.
When grill is hot, spray with pan spray then place skewers on grill. Turn a quarter turn every minute or so until the fish is cooked to desired doneness, no more than five or six minutes total, less if cooking rare tuna.
Turn grill off but leave skewers in place and brush on glaze, turning and brushing until all sides are covered.
Pile mint leaves on top of each other and cut into strips.
Serve fish skewers topped with mint strips over cooked rice.


In a large saucepan, combine brown rice and either stock or water. Cook rice according to package directions.
While rice is cooking, prepare lentils as follows: In a medium saucepan, combine the lentils, bay leaf and 4 cups of water. Cover and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and gently boil uncovered for 15 minutes or until the lentils are tender but still have a bite.
While rice and lentils are cooking, thinly slice the scallions and cut the red peppers and zucchini into small ½ inch dice.
Drain the lentils and discard the bay leaf. Transfer to a large bowl. Add the cooked rice, scallions, red pepper, zucchini, feta, oil, vinegar, thyme, salt and pepper and combine with a large spoon.


The night before, place ricotta in a cheese cloth placed in a strainer hung over a bowl. Refrigerate and let drain overnight.
The day of, mix shredded zucchini with raw rice in a large bowl and let sit for one hour at room temperature.
In a food processor, place flour and salt and pulse a few times to mix.
In a measuring cup, add ½ cup of extra virgin olive oil and ⅓ cup of cold water together. The remaining water will be added as needed but in my batch, I used all of the ½ cup of water.
Run the food processor and add the oil and water mixture with machine running. Add the remaining water if needed to bring the dough together.
Pour out onto a floured surface and knead for one minute.
Shape into a rectangle, cover tightly with plastic and let sit at room temperature for one hour.
After the hour has elapsed, preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Rack should be at the very bottom of the oven with a pizza stone on the rack if possible.
Add the drained ricotta, grated cheese, scallions, eggs, milk and salt to the zucchini and rice. Mix to combine.
Flour the counter and roll the dough out so it is longer and wider than your 12X18 inch buttered pan. (The recipe as written yielded a very thin dough. It is however soft enough that it stays together so make sure it gets rolled larger than the pan. If I was to do this recipe over again, I probably would have increased the amount of dough by about 25%.)
Roll the dough up on a floured rolling pin then unroll onto the prepared sheet pan, letting the excess hang over. Tuck the sides and corners in but do not cut off excess.
Pour the ricotta batter onto the dough and spread to the edges.
Fold the overhanging dough over the top of each edge, pleating the four corners.
Place on top of the pizza stone and bake for 60-70 minutes or until slightly browned and a knife inserted into the center, comes out clean. If it doesn’t brown, you may consider placing it under the broiler for a minute. We did with ours.
Cool 30 minutes and cut into 20 pieces.


Place all ingredient in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth.
Refrigerate up to ten days or until the expiration date of the tofu, whichever comes first.


Cook pasta according to package directions. Reserve one cup or more of the pasta water.
While pasta is cooking, in a large sauté pan, cook pancetta in olive oil over medium high heat until crispy.
Reduce heat to medium and add chopped shallots. Sauté for 2 minutes.
Add garlic and sauté for an additional minute.
Add chopped sun-dried tomatoes and one cup of reserved pasta water. Simmer over medium heat until water has been absorbed by the tomatoes.
Add in cream and chopped brie. Stir until brie has melted.
Add in cooked pasta, Parmesan and Romano cheese and stir to combine. ( Add a bit more pasta water as needed to give the dish a creamy consistency). Cook over medium heat for another minute or two to blend flavors.
Remove from heat. Toss with fresh basil and serve immediately.


Start to heat a large pot of salted water on the stove. Have all sauce ingredients prepared in advance.
Add the linguini to the salted boiling water and cook per package directions to slightly under-cooked.
While linguini is cooking, in a large skillet over medium high, heat olive oil and add both peppers, onions and leeks and cook for three minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute.
Turn to high and add wine. Cook to reduce the wine slightly, lower heat to medium high and add tomatoes, the juice from the chopped clams, salt, pepper, thyme, oregano, paprika and the tomato paste. Stir and simmer five minutes. If the consistency is too thick, add some or all of the bottle clam juice. The mixture should be very loose but not watery. The pasta will absorb some of the liquid on the next step.
Add clams and heat just until the sauce is up to temperature then add in cooked drained linguini. (save a little pasta water in case you need to thin down further). Cook just enough so that the pasta is al dente but be careful not to overcook the clams.
Remove from heat and stir in chopped parsley and Parmesan cheese and serve with additional parsley and cheese over each portion.


In a large sauté pan, heat olive oil over medium and add shallots and garlic. Cook one minute.
Add fennel and white wine, bring to medium high and cook for another two minutes to reduce the wine a bit.
Add clam juice and pepper and cover. Bring to a high simmer and cook for five minutes.
Add cleaned little necks and cover (best if the cover is see through so you can watch the clams pop open) cook over high simmer to a low boil for five minutes. You will see the clams pop open one by one. Once they all pop open (no more than five minutes), with tongs, remove to serving dishes. Discard any clams that did not pop open. Spoon broth and cooked fennel over clams, being careful not to spoon any sediment from the bottom of the pan as some sand will settle there that didn’t get cleaned off.
Sprinkle the servings with the fennel fronds.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and bake two of the four potatoes for one hour or until tender. Remove to cool slightly. Peel the remaining two potatoes and dice into bite sized pieces.
In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, cook bacon until crisp. Remove bacon, crumble and reserve for topping. Remove bacon fat but reserve two tablespoons in the pan. Save or discard the remaining fat.
Add the butter to the bacon fat and set heat to medium high.
Add the onions and celery and sauté for five minutes.
Add garlic, salt, pepper and thyme and sauté for one minute.
Add flour and reduce heat to medium. Cook stirring often for two minutes.
Add the stock one cup at a time, stirring with a wooden spoon.
Add diced raw potatoes.
Add whole milk as well as Worcestershire and Tabasco sauce.
Simmer over medium heat until the vegetables are tender, about ten to fifteen more minutes, stirring often.
Cut the two baked potatoes in half the long way and scoop out the potato from the skin and add to the soup. These skins will be fried later and served with the soup so leave a little of the potato with the skin. Cut the skin again lengthwise to get eight strips per potato, 16 total hearty strips. Set those aside.
Remove half of the soup and puree, then add back into the soup pot. Or remove half and using an immersion blender, puree the soup in the pot then add the other half back in. Basically you need to puree half the soup.
Add the cream and remove from the heat.
In a cast iron skillet, heat the light oil to 350 degrees F and fry the potato skins until crisp, transferring to a paper towel to drain.
To serve, place hot soup into each bowl, top with cheddar, sour cream, reserved bacon, sliced scallion tops and potato skins on the side.


In a large bowl, place Rice Krispies and ground flax seed and toss just to blend. Set aside.
In the bowl of a food processor, place almonds and process until almost creamy. This may take a few minutes.
Add coconut sugar and process to blend.
Add agave and process to blend.
Add melted coconut oil and both extracts. Process the mixture just to blend.
Pour processed mixture over the Rice Krispies and with a wooden spoon or firm spatula, mix just to combine. Try not to break up the Rice Krispies too much.
Line a 9x13-inch pan or glass dish with plastic wrap, parchment or foil. This step just makes it easier to lift out after it sets.
Pour the mixture into the prepared pan pressing down lightly to cover the pan evenly.
Spread the dried cranberries over the mixture.
In a medium microwave safe bowl, add chocolate chips and almond milk and microwave just until the chocolate starts to melt (30 seconds up to a minute). Whisk vigorously with a wire whip and pour over cranberries spreading to the edges.
Let set two hours covered under refrigeration.
Remove from refrigeration and pull up on the sides of the plastic, parchment or foil to loosen from the bottom and sides. You may need to use a spatula to remove. Place on a cutting board, remove plastic, paper or foil and cut 3x6 for 18 squares.
Keep refrigerated.


Preheat oven to 500 degrees.
Line a medium pan with foil and place both whole peppers with stems attached onto the pan.
Cut the top and bottom off a head of garlic and place in a small pocket made from a piece of foil. Drizzle one tablespoon of oil and one tablespoon of water over garlic and pinch the foil pocket closed. Place this foil packet on the pan with the peppers. Roast for ten minutes and turn peppers one third, roast for ten more minutes and turn another third then roast for ten more minutes and remove from the oven. (If the skin isn’t charred all around, roast for another five minutes until nicely blackened and charred.)
Raise the oven temperature to 550 degrees.
Immediately place whole red peppers into a large zipper seal bag and seal to steam the skins off. Allow the peppers remain in the plastic bag for ten minutes, then take them out of the bag and place them on a cutting board. Peel the skin off and discard. Then split the peppers down the middle, remove stems and seeds and place the roasted flesh of the peppers into a blender (the peppers collect moisture inside while roasting, try not to add this excess liquid to the blender). Remove the roasted garlic head from the foil pouch and squeeze out the roasted cloves into the blender, adding them to the peppers (you may want to use a tiny piece of foil to squeeze the garlic out of the skin so you don’t burn your fingers).
Add the mayonnaise to the blender and set to puree. Lift off the cap and slowly drizzle in 3 tablespoons of olive oil with motor running until mixture is thick and creamy.
Take the top crust off the 12 inch loaf by running a bread knife just below the top. Next split the loaf horizontally in half so you have two open halves. Spread two tablespoons of the aioli on each inside cut.
Then begin layering the cold cuts on the bottom half and finish with the provolone. Top with half of the basil leaves and place the top half of the bread over the basil pressing the aioli side down over the basil.
Heat the panini grill to hot or heat a grill pan on the stove. Brush one tablespoon of olive oil on the top half of the sandwich and brush the other tablespoon of olive oil on the panini press or grill. Place sandwich on heat over brushed oil and brown both sides, pressing down slightly to flatten sandwich. Heat until the bread is nicely browned.
Line a small sheet pan with foil and place the grilled sandwich onto the foil.
Lay the other half of the basil leaves and all of the sliced tomatoes over the top of the browned top of the sandwich.
Mix the Parmesan, mozzarella, Muenster and oregano in a small bowl and spread over the basil and tomatoes (Try to get the cheese to stay in place by pressing down with your hands).
Place the pan in the hot oven for 5-7 minutes to melt and brown cheese. To brown further, place under a broiler for a few minutes.
Serve by cutting into four even pieces. Great served with the roasted red pepper aioli on the side as a dipping sauce.


In a medium to large fry pan, cook bacon to crisp. Remove bacon to paper towels and reserve one tablespoon of bacon fat in pan. Save the remaining bacon fat for other recipes or discard.
Peel russets and cut each potato into 16 pieces (quarter the potato lengthwise and cut each quarter into quarters). Place in salted water and bring to a boil. Boil for ten minutes, then drain and place in a large bowl.
Microwave milk and butter to hot and add to potatoes. Mash roughly with potato masher leaving some pieces.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Heat the tablespoon of bacon fat reserved from cooking bacon, over medium heat and cook scallion bottoms and green pepper for one minute. Scrape mixture (including fat) into the bowl with the mashed potato mixture and stir. Add sour cream, cottage cheese, salt, pepper and garlic powder and stir again.
In a medium bowl, beat eggs and temper them by adding small amounts of the potato mixture to the eggs until they are at the same temperature as the mixture, about 2-3 cups. Combine back in with potato mixture and stir.
In a medium bowl, combine cooked bacon, scallion tops and shredded Fontina cheese.
Spray a 9-inch round by 2 ½ inch deep casserole dish (or similar size) with the non-stick cooking spray and pour potato mixture into dish.
Cover with cheese and bacon mixture.
Cover with parchment and foil and bake 30 minutes covered then an additional 30 minutes uncovered.
Serve immediately.


Cook bacon crisp and rough chop. Set aside. Reserve one tablespoon of the bacon fat.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Cut potatoes into wedges. Since all-purpose potatoes vary in size, try to keep the wedges uniform. You may get 8 wedges from one but 16 from another. Place potatoes in large bowl and add bacon fat, melted butter, salt, garlic powder and smoked paprika. Toss well to coat.
Pour out potatoes onto a sheet pan in a single layer and roast for 15 minutes. Flip and roast for another 10-15 minutes or until browned and cooked through.
Mound the potatoes into four piles. Cover each pile with the Machego cheese, then bacon then the cheddar cheese. Place the pan back in the over for 2-3 minutes to melt the cheese. Alternatively, keep the fries in a single layer and cover with both cheese types and bacon and again place back in oven for 2-3 minutes to melt cheese.
If serving individual servings, place each portion on a small plate, sprinkle with scallions and place a dollop of sour cream on top. If serving family style, slide fries onto platter, sprinkle with scallions and place several dollops of sour cream on top.


Bring a large pot of water to a boil and plunge in live lobsters. Boil for 12 minutes then remove to an ice bath.
Once lobsters are cool enough to touch, remove meat from claws and tail draining any liquid from the lobsters into a bowl. Cut the meat into bite sized pieces, add to the bowl with the liquid and refrigerate until later in recipe.
Open up body cavities and rinse out any of the green tomalley if present.
Place all shells and body on a large cutting board, cover with a dish towel and break and crush the shells with a rolling pin or mallet. Alternatively you can place everything in a food processor and pulse a few times to break up the shells but the cutting board method is easier, for me anyway.
Take the pot you cooked the lobsters in and wipe dry with a paper towel and heat oil over medium high heat.
Add crushed lobster shells, carrots, onions, celery, garlic, salt, peppercorns, thyme and parsley and cook for 15 minutes stirring often so it doesn’t stick.
Add tomato paste, old bay and bay leaves and cook for five more minutes stirring often.
Add water, bring to a boil and simmer for one hour or until reduced to five cups of liquid. Discard all solids. Set the stock aside.
In a medium pot, melt butter and add salt pork. Cook over medium high until slightly browned. Add onions, celery, thyme and parsley and cook for three minutes.
Lower heat to medium and add flour. Stir and cook for three minutes.
Whisk in the lobster stock, increase heat and add potatoes. Cook ten minutes or until potatoes are tender.
Add corn and heat to hot.
Add cooked lobster meat with any liquid along with half and half and heat to hot but do not boil.
Adjust seasonings and serve.


In a 10 quart heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, place olive oil, carrots, celery and onions and sauté for 10 minutes.
Add wine and stir. Cook for one minute.
Add ½ gallon of water, parsley stems, garlic, thyme, celery salt, bay leaf and peppercorns and bring to a boil.
When mixture is at a full boil, place lobster in head first and cover. Set timer for 12 minutes. Keep flame just below high.
Remove lobster to cool. Add remaining ½ gallon of water and slowly bring to a boil.
While stock is coming to a boil, remove meat from tail, claws and knuckles. Place cooked lobster meat in the refrigerator.
Remove roe sack, mouth area and other undesirable parts and discard. You should be left with shells from tail, claws and body cavity, along with legs and knuckle joints. Place all of those into the stock and bring to a full boil. Skim any foam that floats to the top.
Lower flame to a low boil and cook uncovered for 90 minutes or more until you are left with 2 cups of stock. Strain through a fine sieve and discard solids. If you have more than two cups after you strain and discard the solids, place stock back on heat to reduce to two cups. Note, you will only be using ½ cup of stock for this recipe, the remainder can be frozen for future recipes.
Roughly cut lobster meat into bite sized pieces.
Cook fettuccini according to package directions.
While pasta is cooking, in a large sauté pan over medium heat, melt butter in olive oil. Then add shallots and cook for 3-4 minutes until soft.
Add zambuca to deglaze and cook until half of the liquid has evaporated.
Add in the lobster stock and cook again until half the liquid has evaporated.
Add parsley, heavy cream and Romano cheese. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper if needed. If you like this sort of dish creamier, add an extra cup of heavy cream, but this step is optional. You could also add more of the stock if you prefer a stronger flavor.
Add cut up lobster meat and cooked fettuccini and toss to combine. Cook for one or two minutes to incorporate flavors.
Transfer to serving plates or bowls and finish with a little more grated Romano and chopped parsley.


Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the elbow pasta according to package direction to slightly less than al dente. Drain the pasta well.
While the pasta is cooking, preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Combine the Ritz cracker crumbs, ¾ cup of the shredded cheese and the melted butter. Mix until fully combined.
Line two standard size muffin tins with paper liners and spray each liner with non-stick cooking spray as well as over spray onto top of pan. Divide the cracker mixture into each muffin liner evenly between 24 cups. Using the flat bottom of a small glass, press the cracker mixture firmly into the bottom of the liners.
In a large mixing bowl, add the drained pasta, the remaining shredded cheddar cheese, Boursin cheese and cold butter.
In a separate bowl, combine the eggs, milk, and sour cream. Whisk to combine.
Pour the liquid mixture into the bowl with the pasta mixture. Add the salt and red pepper flakes and gently stir all of the ingredients together to combine – being careful not to break up the pasta.
Divide the pasta mixture between each muffin liner placing on top of the cracker mixer.
Bake until light golden brown – about 25-30 minutes.
Remove from the oven and let cool slightly, then remove from the pan and serve warm.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
In a large bowl, toss the tomatoes, ¼ cup of the oil, kosher salt, pepper, pepper flakes and balsamic vinegar. Pour onto a sheet pan and roast for 10-12 minutes or until just starting to get soft.
Remove from oven and in a bowl, toss with the 3 tablespoons of fresh basil, the sea salt and the 1 tablespoon of olive oil.
Pour the mixture into a strainer over a bowl and let drain. The liquid that drains off will be discarded.
Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees F.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and keep at a simmer until you are ready to cook the pasta.
In a medium sauce pan, bring milk and cream up to scalding but do not boil.
While milk and cream are heating, in a large pot over medium heat, melt butter and add flour. Stir and cook for three minutes.
Slowly add hot milk mixture to butter and flour mixture while whisking vigorously. If you can’t pour and whisk then pour the milk in one third at a time whisking fast after each addition. The first one will be thick and by the end it will be loose. If lumps form, whisk and cook until they are gone.
At this point, bring the water to a boil and add pasta. Cook pasta to three minutes under done. Whatever the package says, cook three minutes less. Pasta will be slightly hard and chewy but will finish in the oven.
Add all three cheeses to the white sauce and stir with a wooden spoon until dissolved into the sauce.
In a small cup or bowl, mix Worcestershire sauce with salt, pepper, mustard, cayenne, nutmeg and enough water (few drops) to make a slurry. (this is to avoid lumps from clumpy seasonings). Whisk this into the sauce.
Remove the sauce from the heat.
Drain the pasta and add the hot pasta to the sauce and stir.
Drain the tomatoes one more time and stir into mixture.
In a small bowl, combine all topping ingredients and mix well.
Butter or spray a 9x13x3 inch or equivalent casserole dish and pour in the pasta and tomato mixture.
Sprinkle top with the crumb mixture and bake uncovered for 20-25 minutes or until hot and bubbly.


In a small sauce pan fill with enough water to cover three eggs. Bring to a boil, add white vinegar and then with a slotted spoon, gently drop the eggs in one at a time. Boil for five minutes and turn burner off, then let them sit in the hot water for another fifteen minutes. Drain, shake to crack shells and peel under running water. Chop and set aside.
In a medium bowl, mix mayonnaise, Crème Fraiche and softened creamed cheese until smooth. Add all other ingredients except pasta. Fold in chopped eggs and hold mixture under refrigeration.
Cook pasta according to package directions until al dente. Drain thoroughly but do not rinse or cool.
In a large bowl, place drained hot pasta. Add mayonnaise mixture to hot noodles and stir to combine.
Spread the pasta salad onto a sheet pan and cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for two hours.
Spoon the now cooled pasta salad into a serving bowl and serve.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 13x9-inch baking dish or pan and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the softened butter, brown sugar, and flour and mix until smooth and crumbly.
Pour the crumbs into the prepared baking dish, and evenly press the mixture into the bottom of the pan to create a crust. Bake for 15 minutes or until set.
While the bottom crust is baking, in a medium bowl, mix the beaten eggs, granulated sugar and vanilla together until completely combined. Stir in the coconut, malted milk powder, flour, espresso powder, baking powder, and salt and again, mix until completely combined.
Once the bottom crust is baked, spread the middle layer mixture evenly over to top of the baked layer. Bake for another 15 to 20 minutes or until set. Cool completely on a wire rack.
Once the baked pan is completely cool, prepare the frosting as follows:
In a small bowl, mix together the powdered sugar, malted milk powder, vanilla, espresso powder and 1 ½ tablespoons of boiling water and stir until completely blended. Add small amounts of additional boiling water as needed until the icing is a spreadable consistency. Spread the icing evenly over the cooled bars.
Allow the icing to set completely (1-2 hours) and then cut into individual bars.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Spray a sheet pan with pan spray and lay a piece of parchment over the spray then spray the top of the parchment. Set aside.
In a microwave safe bowl, microwave the chocolate squares with the butter for about 30 seconds. Stir to melt the two together. If the chocolate hasn’t completely melted yet, microwave for a few more seconds.
Once melted and combined, whip in the sugar and Ovaltine and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat eggs until pale in color, about two minutes.
Add one quarter cup of the flour, baking powder and salt and mix to combine.
Beat in the chocolate and sugar mixture.
Add the brewed coffee to the water and with the mixer running on low, alternate adding the liquid and the remaining flour and beat to form a creamy batter. Scrape the bowl and beat again.
Pour the cake batter into the prepared pan and bake for 12-15 minutes or until a tooth pick inserted comes out clean. Do not over bake.
Run a knife along all four edges to loosen.
Place powdered sugar in a small sifter and sift over the entire top of the cake.
Place a piece of parchment over a cookie sheet (no lip), and invert over top of cake. Then with pot holders flip the cake over. Take off the sheet pan and peel off the parchment that it was baked in.
Now while still warm, gently roll the cake into a roll by starting at a short side and rolling towards the other short side. The parchment should be rolled up with the cake. The purpose of this exercise is so that it cools in a curled shape.
Make the filling by whipping all of the ingredients until creamy.
After the cake cools, unroll it and spread the filling to the edges and smooth with an offset spatula.
Grab the parchment under the short side and begin to roll the cake onto itself as you peel the parchment off.
Discard the parchment and move the cake to a shhet tray covered in another piece of parchment.
Make the ganache by placing the chocolate morsels and heavy cream in a microwave safe bowl. Microwave for 20 seconds, stir and then 10 more seconds. The chocolate should be melting into the cream as you stir. If not fully melted, microwave for five seconds at a time until melted.
Stir in the cold milk.
Pour this chocolate mixture down the center of the cake. Coaxing the ganache down the sides and ends.
While still wet, sprinkle on the pearl sugar.
With large long spatulas inserted under each end, life the cake up and place on an oval or rectangle serving platter.
The finished cake needs to be refrigerated if not served right away.
When ready to serve, slice thick slices off from one end to the other and serve.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In the bowl of a food processor, add cookies and hazelnuts and process until it becomes a fine crumb consistency. Add melted butter and process again to combine.
Pour crumbs into the bottom of a 
Bake 10 minutes or until golden brown around the edges. (The center of the crust may still look soft to the touch – as the crust cools, it will firm up.)
Cool the crust completely in the springform pan on wire rack.
In a small saucepan, combine white chocolate and ¼ cup of the heavy cream. Stirring constantly, heat until the chocolate fully melts. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
Pour the milk into a small, wide microwave-safe bowl. Very slowly sprinkle the gelatin over milk, allowing the gelatin to begin to absorb the milk before sprinkling more on top. (To avoid creating lumps with the gelatin, it’s important that you have a wide surface area of milk and sprinkle the gelatin slowly.) Allow the gelatin and milk to sit (do not stir) until the gelatin is fully softened – about 3 to 4 minutes.
Microwave the gelatin milk mixture at about 50% power until the gelatin completely melts. (About 15-40 seconds depending on your microwave. Start with 15 seconds and check in 5-10 second intervals to make sure you don’t scald the milk.) Once the gelatin dissolves, stir into the small saucepan with the white chocolate mixture. Refrigerate, stirring often, until the chocolate mixture cools and starts to thicken (but try not to let it thicken too much!).
While the chocolate mixture cools, in the bowl of a stand mixer, mix the cream cheese, sugar, salt and malted milk powder until light and fluffy. Slowly add in the cooled and thickened white chocolate-gelatin mixture, mixing until combined.
In a separate mixing bowl, whip the remaining heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture by hand until blended.
Spoon the mousse mixture over the cooled crust, spreading evenly in the pan. Refrigerate until firm – at least 3 hours or overnight.
When ready to serve, remove the sides of the springform pan. Decorate with malted milk candies if desired. Slice and serve.


Wash the mandarin oranges and lemons very well in warm water.
Cut the mandarin oranges and lemons in half and squeeze out all of the juices in a bowl. Place any seeds in a small bowl with about ½ a cup of the water (you will be soaking the seeds overnight to release their natural pectins). Place the peels in another bowl.
Once you’ve squeezed out all of the juices, take each peel and remove any remaining pulp and empty segments, then use a sharp knife and scrape off as much of the white pith from the inside of the peel. (Like the original recipe we adapted, the method that worked best for us was to cut each half peel in half (to make a quarter) and flatten it, then we scraped the pith with a sharp knife from the middle of the peel to each tip. You can do this process with the lemon peels if you wish, or just the mandarin peels.
Once the pith is removed, slice the peels into thin julienne strips. As you cut the strips, place them into a large, heavy-bottomed pot.
Add the reserved juice and the remaining water to the pot with the cut peels. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Cover the bowl with the seeds in water and allow them to soak overnight at room temperature.
In the morning, strain the seeds from the water – keeping the seeds and also reserving the liquid as you strain the seeds. (NOTE: If that liquid is thick and gelatinous – then you likely will not need to add any powdered pectin to your cooked marmalade. If there is no noticeable thickening of the liquid, the powdered pectin will probably be necessary in Step 9 below.) Add the liquid (thick and gelatinous or not) to the pot with the peels, juices and water. Tie the seeds into a pouch of clean cheesecloth. Add the pouch to the pot with peels, juice and water.
Bring the pot of peels, juices and water to a boil over medium high heat. Once the mixture boils, use a large spoon to remove the foam that rises to the top. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until the mixture reduces by half (a great tip is to dip the end of a wooden spoon into the mixture to note the original liquid level and use that as your gauge) – stirring occasionally. (For us, this took about an hour or so but depending on the size of your pot, it could take longer.)
While the mixture reduces, start a big pot of water to sterilize your jars, lids and canning tools. (
At this point, you’ll need to test if adding the powdered pectin is necessary. To test – place a spoonful of the reduced mixture on a saucer and chill it in the freezer for a few minutes but do not freeze it completely. Then use your wooden spoon and “draw” a line through the mixture. If it wrinkles, additional pectin isn’t necessary. If it is still orange liquid, you may want to add the additional pectin like we did.
Still at medium heat, add the pectin to the hot mixture and stir until it dissolves. Then add the sugar, stirring to dissolve, then cook for 20 minutes more. You should notice that the marmalade is starting to thicken up a bit.
Once the 20 minutes have passed, remove the marmalade from the heat, remove the seed bundle, and ladle into your prepared jars. Process for 10 minutes using 


In a medium sauté pan, melt butter over medium high heat and add onions. Sauté for 4-5 minutes or until soft and starting to turn brown. Reduce heat to medium.
Add rosemary and garlic and cook one minute.
Add Balsamic vinegar and mustard and stir to combine.
Add 
Peel oranges and with a sharp knife, cut out each segment of each orange and place in sauce. If you cut down on each side of the segment from the outside with a very sharp knife, the segments pop right out. Then discard the pith and skin.
Remove silver skin from tenderloin and cut off a few inches of the thin end. The remaining piece should be somewhat the same thickness throughout, give or take. Cut it into four equal slices. Then cut half way to three quarters through each slice and butterfly open.
Oil, salt and pepper each side of each butterflied piece.
Place a large sauté pan over high heat and heat to smoking hot.
Place all four pieces in the skillet not touching. Also cook the tail piece you cut off for nibbling.
Cook for about two minutes and flip. Cook two more minutes and reduce to medium. Cook for another few minutes turning over one more time until cooked to your desired doneness. Ours took less than eight minutes total but we like it slightly medium rare.
Use the poke test. Make a loose fist and feel the thick part of flesh below your thumb. When pushed, it is firm but has some give to it and bounces back when touched. The meat should have that same feel and be medium to medium rare. Remove to a platter.
Keep the heat on and add the wine and after 30 seconds, add the reserved sauce. Gently stir trying not breaking up the segments.
Add any liquid from the platter with the pork, stir in then pour over the cooked medallions and serve.


Place all ingredients (except mint and mango chunks for garnish) in a blender and blend until creamy and smooth.
Pour into glasses and top with a sprig of mint and additional chunks of mango for garnish, if desired.


Pour water into a small saucepan and sprinkle the gelatin over the water. Without stirring, let the gelatin soften for about 1 minute. Then heat the mixture on the stove over low heat, stirring until the gelatin is fully dissolved. (If any lumps form in the gelatin, remove those before proceeding to the next step.)
In a blender, blend the mango puree, sugar, vanilla and softened gelatin until thoroughly mixed. Pour the mixture into a mixing bowl and add the yogurt, stirring well to blend.
In a chilled bowl, whip the cream until stiff peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the mango mixture stirring gently until the cream is fully incorporated into the mango mixture.
Spoon the mousse mixture into 4 dessert dishes. Chill for at least 4 hours or overnight. (The dishes of mousse may also be chilled in the freezer to speed up the process although you will end up with more of a frozen dessert than a light fluffy mousse dessert).
Garnish with extra mango pieces or other topping of your choice.


Rinse and pat dry the turkey and place in a roasting pan in a V-shaped rack. The neck and gizzards will not be used for this recipe.
Place the cider in a small sauce pan and bring to a boil. Boil until it is reduced to 2 tablespoons. Cool to room temperature.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a small bowl, mix the softened butter with four tablespoons of the syrup, one tablespoon of the reduced cider, one tablespoon of the mustard and the salt.
This mixture will be placed under and over the skin so if it is too lose, use a turkey baster to squirt under the skin, otherwise use your hands to spread. Do this by running your fingers under the skin around the front and back of each breast and as far as you can into the thighs and legs without tearing the skin to loosen the skin. Then place ¾ of the mixture under the skin you loosened. Take the remaining butter mixture and rub all over the outside skin.
Place the carrot, onion, celery and garlic around the outside edges of the rack and pour the stock into the bottom of the pan. These will help flavor your gravy but will have no effect on the taste of the turkey. Do not place anything into the cavity of the turkey.
Place an instant read thermometer into the thickest part of the breast and set the temp to alarm at 150 degrees F. (don’t worry, it will be cooked longer, this is just to remind you to put the glaze on)
Place it in the oven uncovered for 45 minutes.
While the turkey is cooking, mix the remaining tablespoon of cider, tablespoon of mustard and two tablespoons of maple syrup together to make the glaze. Set this aside for later in the recipe.
After 45 minutes, cover the turkey with a tent of tinfoil and bake until the internal temperature reaches 150 degrees, about two hours for a 12 pound turkey, give or take depending on the size of your bird.
Remove the foil and glaze the skin of the turkey and place back in the oven until the internal temperature has reached 160 degrees. If the turkey is already very browned, then keep the foil on. If not, leave off for the remaining cooking time.
Once at 160 degrees F, (about 2½ to 3 hours total), remove from the oven and tent loosely with foil. Do not remove the probe of the thermometer until after the turkey has rested.
Let rest for at least 20 minutes before carving.
If making gravy, remove the turkey to a platter to rest, pour water or stock into the pan and cook over stove burners to loosen the brown bits. Cook for about ten minutes to extract flavor from the vegetables. Thicken with a paste of butter and flour and continue to cook for three minutes. Season and strain into a gravy boat, discarding the solids.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Slice off both ends of the squash and discard. Cut the squash in half end to end and with a spoon, scoop out seeds and discard. Then cut into one inch thick half-moon slices leaving skins on. (The skins can be eaten!)
Place in a bowl and toss with oil and salt then lay out on a sheet pan and bake for ten minutes. Flip, and then bake for 10-15 more minutes until tender.
While squash is roasting, heat butter and sage in a small sauce pan with maple syrup for a few minutes to incorporate flavors. Set aside.
When squash comes out of the oven, toss with butter and sage mixture and serve immediately.


In a blender, combine lime juice, lemon juice, Triple Sec, tequila and ice. Puree until well blended.
To rim your glass with salt (optional), pour the kosher salt onto a large flat plate. Using the quartered lime, rub the outside edge of your glass with the lime to wet the edge. Then invert the glass and dip the wet edge of the glass into the salt until it is coated with salt.
Pour the margaritas into the glass, adding additional ice if desired.


Place olive oil, onions and garlic in a cool sauce pan and gradually bring up heat to medium high. (Heating it this way makes the onions very soft.) Once the oil is hot and the onions and garlic are bubbling, cook for 3 minutes stirring frequently.
Add all of the other ingredients. Stir and cook over medium-low heat for 15 minutes.
Using an immersion blender, puree until desired consistency. (We like our marinara sauce to be a bit chunky.)
Use as a dipping sauce or over pasta.


Place minced garlic and chopped cilantro in a large bowl and set aside.
Bring water to a boil and plunge in green beans. Cook just until tender, about 5-10 minutes, do not overcook. Drain well and place beans back in hot pan, turn on stove burner and shake for 30 seconds to dry the beans out. Pour hot beans in the bowl with the garlic and cilantro mixture and stir briefly, then let sit untouched for ten full minutes. Add olive oil, toss and place in refrigerator overnight or for at least 4 hours.
Before you are ready to serve, remove beans from refrigeration and let sit for 45 minutes at room temperature. Add lemon juice, vinegar and pepper. Toss, taste for seasoning and serve.


Trim all fat from the boneless, skinless chicken breasts. You may also want to ‘butterfly’ (see instructions 
Add the sliced onion, smashed garlic cloves, oil, soy sauce, vinegar and Good Seasons pack to the bag with the chicken. Seal the back tightly, removing as much of the excess air from the bag as possible.
Gently squeeze all of the contents of the bag so that the ingredients mix together and all of the chicken is coated. Place the bag in a large bowl or on a plate (in case the bag leaks) and place in the refrigerator.
Allow the chicken to marinate in the refrigerator overnight – or for a minimum of 6 hours.
When ready to cook, preheat your grill. Remove the chicken from the marinade and grill the chicken until cooked through – 10-20 minutes depending on the temperature of your grill.
If you wish, you may drain the onions and garlic from the marinade and sauté until caramelized.


Clean the mushrooms of all visible dirt.
Bring water and salt to a boil in a medium to large pot and place cleaned mushrooms into pot. Cover, bring to boil and simmer on low boil for five minutes. Drain and cool mushrooms.
Place the remaining ingredients, except the olive oil, in a medium bowl and whisk to combine. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil whisking while you pour.
Add the cooled mushrooms and place in a sealed container or zip lock bag and refrigerate at least overnight or longer. Serve slightly chilled or at room temperature.


Start with a large bowl to place the salad ingredients after they are prepped.
Using a 
Peel orange and cut into half sized segments, removing as much pith and seeds as possible and add to the bowl.
Add currants, raisins and pistachios to the bowl.
Crush almonds in mini food processor (
Add orange juice, brown sugar, honey, cinnamon, cardamom and ground ginger.
Stir and seal in a container mixing around now and then while it marinates. Marinate for 24-48 hours before serving. (Strain excess juice if necessary before serving.)


In a large skillet with a cover, heat the olive oil over medium heat until the oil just starts to smoke.
Add the onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, and mint and cook for 1 minute, stirring occasionally.
Add the beans and toss to coat. Cover and cook for 5-10 minutes or until green beans are tender but not mushy.
Remove skillet from the heat. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately.


Spray an 8x8-inch baking pan with non-stick cooking spray.
In a saucepan, melt butter and mini marshmallows over low heat, stirring until completely melted and well combined. Remove from heat.
Stir in Rice Krispies cereal and stir until well coated. Pour the marshmallow and cereal mixture into the prepared pan and using a buttered spatula or wax paper, press mixture firmly into the pan.
Cool completely, then cut into long narrow triangles for garnishing the milkshake. (Best if served the same day. Extras may be stored in an airtight container for up to a day or so.)
In a small saucepan, combine 1 cup milk and 1½ cups marshmallow fluff. Over low heat and stirring frequently, heat just until marshmallow fluff completely dissolves. Remove from heat and chill to cool.
Just before serving, prepare 2 tall or 4 short glasses for serving. Pour 2 tablespoons of milk into a wide shallow bowl. In another wide shallow bowl, pour ¼ cup of the Rice Krispies cereal. Dip the rim of the glass into the milk, then the cereal and allow the cereal to dry on the rim of the glasses.
In a blender, pour in the cooled milk and marshmallow mixture, then add the ice cream. Blend until smooth and frothy. Add ¼ cup of Rice Krispies cereal and briefly pulse again until combined.
Pour the milkshake mixture into the prepared glasses, and top with a prepared Rice Krispies Treat.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a small bowl, combine diced white bread and milk. Let soak while preparing the next steps in the recipe.
Heat olive oil in a small pan over medium heat and sauté carrots, onions and celery for 4-5 minutes until tender. Add garlic and sauté for 1 more minute. Cool to room temperature.
In large bowl place ground beef, sausage, pepper relish, beaten eggs, salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, and cooked vegetables. Do not mix yet.
With your hands or wooden spoon, keep squeezing the bread and milk until there are no lumps. Add bread and milk to beef mixture.
Now gently mix all of the ingredients until blended. (Do not over mix or else the finished meatloaf will be tough.)
Take a small amount and sauté it in a small fry pan and taste. Adjust seasoning in the mixture if needed.
Place mixture onto a parchment lined sheet pan and form into a low, flat loaf. Keep dipping your hands in water and rubbing top and sides of loaf – this step helps eliminate cracks in the top of the loaf as it bakes.
To prepare the topping, combine Worcestershire sauce, ketchup, mustard, cumin and honey. Spread over tops and sides of the meatloaf.
Bake for approximately 40 minutes or until an internal thermometer reads 160 degrees. Let rest for at least 10-15 minutes before slicing and serving.


Slice four 1 ½ inch slices from the loaf. With a long sharp knife, cut down through the center making the slit almost to the bottom and sides without poking through.
Hand mix the mascarpone and strawberry preserves and place in a small piping bag. Pipe the filling equally between the four slices pressing the tip into the slit and squeezing as you lift up. Then place the knife tip in and push it up and down a bit to move the filling away from the opening.
In a large bowl, beat eggs and milk until combined.
Place the four stuffed slices into the egg mixture turning so all sides are coated. Leave them to soak up the egg while you work on the next step.
Trim and slice the strawberries and place in a bowl with the ½ teaspoon of milk, balsamic vinegar and powdered sugar. Toss slightly or gently mix with a rubber spatula. Let this mixture sit while you cook the French Toast.
Find a pan or bowl or heat proof glass dish that you will use as a cover over the cooking French toast.
On a flat non stick pan, bring heat up to medium and melt butter to coat surface. Once the pan is hot and butter is just starting to brown, place French toast onto pan and cover with prepared lid.
Cook for about 3-4 minutes, remove cover, flip and place cover back on. Cook for an additional 3-4 minutes. Remove cover and check. Both sides should be just nicely browned but not dry or over cooked.
Remove to serving plates and cover with strawberry mixture. Serve immediately. Sprinkle with additional powdered sugar if you’d like.


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and place in sweet and yellow potatoes. Boil uncovered until soft, about 10 minutes. Drain potatoes in a colander and leave in colander while you prepare the rest of the dish.
Using the same pot that you used to cook the potatoes, pour in milk and cream, and add chopped kale leaves and Boursin cheese. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 5-6 minutes covered or until kale has wilted and is slightly tender. Add salt and pepper, stir and remove from heat.
Add the potatoes to the kale mixture and mash with a potato masher, adding more milk if needed for proper consistency. Taste and season again with more salt and pepper if needed.


Toast pine nuts in a dry pan over medium heat for five minutes. Remove from pan and set aside.
In a medium sauté pan, over medium heat, place oil and garlic and sauté for one minute.
Add anchovies and break up the anchovies into the oil. Cook for five minutes.
Remove from the heat, add lemon juice, stir and cool.
To assemble, place washed and trimmed kale in a large bowl.
Top with oil mixture and with your hands, massage the oil mixture into the kale. The kale will start to break down and within a few minutes, almost look like it was cooked.
To serve, top with toasted pine nuts and nutritional yeast or Parmesan cheese.


Using a towel and shucking knife, shuck oysters over a bowl, retaining the liquid that comes out of the shell. Reserve oysters in a second bowl picking out any bits of shell that may have broken off.
In a medium sauce pan, heat two tablespoons of butter over medium heat and add shallots and whole sprigs of rosemary.
Cook over medium for 10-15 minutes until shallots are caramelized.
Add heavy and light cream, bring to a slight simmer and cook 10 more minutes, never letting the mixture boil. Use a thermometer and don’t let the temperature rise above 170 degrees F. If it does, remove from the heat to bring the temperature down.
Place a fine mesh strainer over a bowl and strain the cream mixture. Discard the solids.
In a medium soup pot, melt the remaining butter over medium heat and add the potatoes and parsnips. Stir and cook for five to ten minutes or until the vegetables are tender but not over cooked.
Add flour and stir with a wooden spoon and cook over medium low for three minutes.
Slowly add the cream mixture, stirring as you add and return to a slow simmer.
Add Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco sauce, salt and pepper and stir.
Pour the oyster liquor through a strainer and into the stew, stopping just as you get to the sediment at the bottom of the bowl. Discard that sediment.
Bring the mixture to a slow simmer and taste. Season as needed. (I can tell you that Chef Jeff Cruff developed this recipe to be perfectly seasoned as is.)
One minute before serving, add shucked oysters, simmer one minute then serve immediately with oyster crackers.


In a 5 quart pot, place veal, beef, chicken, onion with attached cloves, carrots, celery, bay leaf, cinnamon stick, rosemary, basil and peppercorns. Pour in enough water to just cover the top of the ingredients. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and simmer partially covered for three hours. If water evaporates, add enough water to finish the three hour cooking time.
While the meat cooks, bring a pot of water to a boil and cook the manicotti to slightly under-cooked, about 7 minutes. Cool under cold water and hold for later.
After three hours, cool, strain and pick out the beef, chicken and veal meat and discard the remaining bones and other solids. Reserve one cup of the liquid. You should have about 1 ½ pounds of meat.
Place the meat in a food processor and pulse until finely ground, using the one cup of cooking liquid if needed to loosen the mixture until it is the consistency of a pate. We used the full cup.
Mix the ground meat with the eggs, 1 ½ cups of Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper. This will be the filling for the manicotti.
Fill a large pastry bag (no tip) with the filling.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Place one cup of the tomato sauce in a 9 X 13 or larger glass dish or pan and spread to coat the bottom. Use two pans if too crowded, depending on how many manicotti you are filling. We fit 14 in a 9 X 13 glass dish.
Pick each manicotti up and slide the tip of the pastry bag into one end and into the center and squeeze in the filling. Turn it and fill the other side then place the filled manicotti in the prepared pan. Repeat for all manicotti.
Pour the remaining 1½ cups of sauce over the manicotti and cover with the mozzarella and the remaining ½ cup of the Parmesan cheese.
Cover the top with parchment paper and foil and bake for 30 minutes or until hot and bubbly.


Cut bread dough in half and let each half come to room temperature in a warm draft free place for one hour. Press the dough out into an 8X10 rectangle using a rolling pin on a floured surface and let sit for ten minutes to relax. Do this two more times, covering each time it rests. Repeat for the other half so that they are both resting together.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees and place rack in center. If cooking both halves together, place two racks spaced evenly in center of oven.
Place dough on a parchment lined cookie sheet(s) .With your fingertips make indents all over the rolled out dough. Brush with half the oil and spread olives, onion and goat cheese all over top, right to edges.
Bake for 20-25 minutes until browned. Remove from oven and drizzle the remaining oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper only if you desire. Cut into 6 to 8 pieces and serve.


In the bowl of a food processor, place shallots and process until finely chopped. Add garlic, lemon zest and juice, olives, pepperoncini, capers, parsley, oregano, peppercorns, salt, liquid from jars and feta cheese. Process to form a thick paste then slowly add oil with motor running. Add water and mix to combine. The mixture will be thick.
Place chicken pieces in one or more gallon zip lock bags and pour in brine. Seal and refrigerate for at least six hours or overnight.
Remove from bags and rinse chicken. Discard brine.
Place paper towels on a tray and place rinsed chicken onto the paper towels. Use more paper towels to dry the tops. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.
While chicken is resting, make white rice according to package directions.
Also heat your outdoor grill to high.
Finally mix all topping ingredients in a small bowl and refrigerate until later.
When ready to grill, brush both sides of the chicken in oil and sprinkle the skin side with salt and pepper. (Always oil your food, never the grill)
Grill skin down for just two minutes to crisp skin. (Be careful with thighs as they are fatty and may cause a flare up and burn).
After two minutes, reduce grill to a low heat and move chicken to an upper rack if possible or to a cooler side of the grill, skin side up. Cover grill and cook for 13-15 more minutes until cooked through. If your grill has a thermometer, try to keep in the 350 to 400 degree F range.
Remove from grill and serve over the cooked rice and topped with the topping.


If your haddock filets are small, leave them whole. If you have one large filet, cut into three or four pieces. (Our filet was 1¼ pounds and we cut it into four servings.) Set the fish aside.
In a large sauté pan over medium high, melt butter and add shallots, and garlic. Sauté for three minutes then add wine. Cook until wine is almost evaporated then add stock and lemon juice. Simmer this on medium high for about 5 minutes or until the mixture has reduced by one third. Move the pan to low heat, add pepperoncini and olives. Keep on low heat while you fry the fish.
In a cast iron skillet or similar pan, heat olive and canola oil until hot, about 350 degrees F. (Use a candy thermometer to ensure you have the correct temperature.)
While oil is heating, place flour, salt and pepper in a pie plate and stir.
Place beaten eggs in a second pie plate.
Dip each piece of fish first in the flour, then in the beaten egg. (This sounds backwards but it works well)
Gently lay all three coated pieces of fish in the hot oil and cook for about 2 minutes on one side and about 2 minutes on the other side, using a fish spatula to gently flip. (I used two spatulas and gently turned so they wouldn’t splatter). The fish should be golden brown on both sides.
With the fish spatula, place each piece into the sauce and discard the oil that the fish was cooked in.
Spoon the sauce over the fish and cook for 2-3 minutes until fully cooked.
The sauce will not be thick, but rather thin and watery.
Place cooked rice on your serving platter and gently lay each piece of fish over the rice.
Pour the entire contents of the pan over the fish and rice, letting the liquid soak into the rice.
Top the entire dish with the crumbled feta cheese and chopped parsley and serve.


In a medium pan with a tight fitting lid, heat olive oil over medium high and place onion, celery and parsley in with oil. Cook for three minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute. Add chopped olives, couscous, water, oregano, basil, salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes or until liquid has been absorbed.
While couscous is cooking, in a small bowl, mix lemon juice, mustard, oregano, salt, pepper and sugar. Slowly add oil while mixing.
In a medium bowl, place iceberg and toss with dressing. Place into serving bowls.
Once couscous is cooked, scoop over each portion of dressed lettuce and top with feta, tomatoes, additional olives and additional red onion.
Garnish with chopped parsley if desired.


Have a large pot of hot water standing by to cook pasta towards end of recipe.
In a very large non-stick sauté pan or skillet, heat oil over medium high and add leeks, onions and parsnips and cook for five minutes, stirring and turning often (the parsnips start to brown and become caramelized). Add green beans and cook for four more minutes, again turning often. Add garlic and oregano and cook for one more minute. Add lemon juice to deglaze just for a few seconds.
Add the two cans of diced tomatoes, cover, reduce to a simmer and cook for 5-10 minutes until beans are almost cooked. Add parsley and artichokes and hold on low covered while you cook the pasta.
Cook pasta in boiling water until almost tender. Drain and add back to pan then pour sauce over pasta. Heat over medium high to absorb some of the liquid and blend the flavors.
Add the 4 ounces crumbled feta cheese, toss and serve.
As you serve each portion, top with additional feta, additional chopped parsley and then drizzle a little olive oil over the tops. Serve with a lemon wedge which then gets squeezed over top by the dinner guest.


In a medium sauté pan over a low flame, add oil, garlic, oregano, salt and pepper and cook slowly for about 8 minutes or until the garlic just begins to brown.
Remove from heat and add the lemon juice. Set this mixture aside.
Start cooking the pasta per the box directions but cook just slightly under cooked.
While the pasta is cooking, start preparing the remaining ingredients.
When the pasta is just a little under done, remove to a colander and drain but do not rinse.
Place cooked drained hot pasta in a large bowl and add the flavored oil and lemon juice mixture. Stir and let sit at room temperature for a few minutes.
Add all other prepared ingredients except feta and stir. Refrigerate until chilled then stir in the feta and serve.


In a small dry fry pan, over medium, toast the poppy seeds for 2-3 minutes tossing and turning often until they are toasted.
In the bowl of a blender, add lemon juice, vinegar, Agave, both mustards, salt and pepper and blend to combine. Then with the blender running on low, slowly add both oils until blended. Toss in the poppy seeds and pulse just to blend.
Place the melon balls (and optional cheese), in a large bowl and pour the dressing over and toss.
Serve immediately. Note: If you are not serving immediately, keep the fruit, cheese and dressing separate. When ready to assemble, drain off any liquid that the fruit may have given off, combine the three together and serve.


Place cubed bread in a large bowl.
In a medium sauce pan, place brown sugar, water and cinnamon. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and heat five minutes uncovered. Pour over bread and toss to combine.
Add raisins, walnuts and both cheeses. Toss to combine.
Heavily butter a 2 quart casserole dish with the two tablespoons of butter and pour mixture in. Let sit 20 minutes at room temperature.
While the bread is absorbing the liquid, preheat oven to 375 degrees.
After 20 minutes, place in oven uncovered and bake for 30 minutes.
While pudding is baking, whip cream, if using, with powdered sugar and set aside.
Remove pudding from the oven and serve warm with whipped cream or ice cream sprinkled with a little more cinnamon.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Line a 13x9-inch baking pan with foil, making sure that the piece of foil is large enough to allow the ends of the foil to extend up and over the sides of the pan. Spray the foil with non-stick cooking spray.
In a large microwave-safe bowl, add the chocolate and butter and microwave on high for 2 minutes. Stir until the chocolate is completely melted.
Stir in the sugar.
Blend in the eggs and vanilla, stirring to combine as much as possible (there may be some egg that doesn’t completely mix in – that is perfectly fine).
Add cinnamon, cayenne and flour and mix thoroughly.
Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with fudgy crumbs. (Do not over bake – these are very moist and fudgy brownies.)
Let cool completely. When cool, use the foil to remove the brownies from the pan and onto a cutting board. Cut before serving.


Peel back corn husks but do not remove and take off all silk from the ears. Fold the husks back up around the ears. Fill a large pot or your kitchen sink with corn, salt and enough water to cover the corn. Place something on top of the corn to keep it submerged and soak for 15 minutes.
While corn is soaking, heat grill to medium.
Remove corn from water and drain off excess water. Place corn with husks on grill and cook for about 15 minutes turning every five minutes or so. If the husks burn, don’t worry, they will be discarded. Set aside to cool.
Turn grill up to high.
Brush vegetable oil on the zucchini slices and grill on both sides for just a minute or until there is a nice char but the squash still has some bite to it. Do not over cook. Set aside to cool.
Put the jalapeno on the hot grill and turn until all sides are black and blistered. Remove from grill and put in a paper bag or plastic bag for a few minutes to loosen up skin. Remove skin and discard and then cut down the center and remove and discard stem and seeds. Dice into small pieces and set aside.
Remove corn husks and discard. Using a bunt pan, place corn point end down into the center of the Bundt pan and with a sharp knife, cut kernels off and let fall into Bundt pan. Place cut corn in a large mixing bowl.
Cut the zucchini into small pieces and add to corn.
Add the cooked cut jalapeno pieces.
Add all other ingredients, taste and add salt and pepper only if it needs it.
Allow the salad to sit for an hour in your refrigerator so the flavors blend, then serve.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Heat a pot of water on the stove to very hot (just under a simmer).
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine ¾ cup of the granulated sugar, flour, ¼ cup of the cocoa, baking powder, salt, 
Pour the batter into an ungreased 2-quart dish (as shown in our photos) or a 9-inch square baking pan and spread evenly.
In a small bowl, stir together the remaining ½ cup granulated sugar, remaining ¼ cup cocoa and brown sugar, and mix well. Sprinkle this mixture evenly over the batter in your dish or pan. Pour the hot water over the top – but do not stir!
Bake 35-40 minutes if using a dish (or 30-35 minutes if using the 9x9 pan) – or until the center is almost set. Remove your dish from the oven and allow it to stand for 15 minutes.
After 15 minutes, spoon the cake into individual serving bowls – making sure to spoon the fudgy sauce from the bottom of the pan over the top of the cake. Add a scoop of 


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium sauce pan over medium heat, melt butter and add flour. Stir and cook for 3-5 minutes or until the raw flour smell is gone.
Add heated chicken stock one-third at a time, stirring with a wire whisk after each addition. (This step will ensure no lumps in the sauce.) Add cayenne pepper and stir again.
Add sour cream, salt, chiles and 
Place canola oil, kernel corn and black beans on a sheet pan and coat with cayenne, garlic powder and salt. Place in over and roast for 15 minutes. Stir and roast for another 15 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside.
In a medium bowl mix Ricotta, egg, cilantro, scallions and 4 ounces of shredded Colby jack cheese.
Have all of your ingredients laid out and begin to assemble.
In a pan or glass dish roughly 9” round and at least 2 ½ inches deep, place ⅓ of the white sauce to coat the bottom of the pan.
Lay tortilla shell to cover sauce.
Sprinkle the shell with an ounce of shredded cheese, then place half the bean and corn mixture over cheese. Next, add half a cup of salsa, and another ounce of shredded cheese.
Lay another tortilla shell over the mixture.
On this layer, add half of the ricotta cheese mixture and the remaining beans and corn. Top with another ⅓ of the white sauce.
Lay another tortilla shell over the mixture.
Place the second half of the ricotta cheese mixture and all of the 
Cover the top tortilla shell with the remaining sauce, and remaining two ounces of Colby jack cheese.
Place in the middle of your oven with a sheet of foil on the rack just below to catch any drips.
Bake for 50-60 minutes until hot, bubbly and golden on top.


Preheat oven to 275 degrees.
Spray a pan or glass baking dish with non-stick cooking spray and lay pepper and onion rings on the bottom.
Lay chicken over onions and peppers.
In a medium sauce pan, place all other ingredients and heat to a boil. Stir to combine ingredients and remove from heat.
Pour the tomato mixture over the chicken. Cover with parchment paper then foil. (The parchment paper will prevent the tomato acids from reacting with the foil.)
Place in oven for three hours.
Remove the pan from oven and peel off parchment paper and foil.
Place chicken on a cutting board and shred with two forks.
Pour remaining mixture from baking dish into a strainer and strain out most of the liquid then place back into baking dish
Place pulled chicken meat back in with tomato mixture in baking dish and mix to combine.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Rinse the rice extremely well under cold water until the water runs clear. (As much starch as possible should be removed from the rice by this rinsing process.) Drain well and shake off excess water.
In an oven proof 8-quart heavy bottomed pot over medium high heat, heat the canola oil until hot.
Add the drained rice and sauté 6-8 minutes stirring frequently. Be careful not to burn so monitor heat and reduce to medium if browning too quickly. Once the rice has browned, proceed to next step.
Move the rice to the sides of the pot and add the onion and peppers and stir. Cook for 2 minutes then add garlic.
Cook for one more minute and stir entire mixture incorporating rice and vegetables.
Add half of the lime juice, stir, and add all of the 
Turn heat to medium high and add ¼ cup of cilantro, salt, spices and rocket fuel.
Stir until mixture is hot and starting to boil then remove from the heat. Cover the pot and place in the center of the oven.
Cook for 20 minutes covered.
Remove from the oven, stir and add the second half of the lime juice, second half of the cilantro, and all of the chopped scallions. Taste and if you like it hotter, add more 


Preheat oven to 300 degrees.
In a 9x13-inch glass baking dish or roasting pan, lay sliced onions and peppers on bottom.
Mix tomato paste, Agave or honey, all the dried spices, 
Cover with parchment paper and then foil, sealing tight.
Roast in over for three hours or until fork tender. Check after three hours and cook for another 30 minutes if not falling apart tender.
With two forks, shred meat and mix with all liquid, cooked onions and cooked peppers.
Use as a filling for a variety of Mexican or Southwestern-inspired dishes.


In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Set aside.
Unwrap the Milky Way candy bars and cut them up into 4 or 5 pieces.
In a heavy bottomed saucepan, place the cut pieces Milky Way bars and about ½ of the milk. Over medium low heat, begin to melt the candy, stirring constantly. Gradually add the remaining milk and cream (about ½ cup at a time) stirring to continue to melt the candy bar but being careful not to let the mixture start to simmer. If needed, using a wooden spoon, press the nougat from the candy bar against the side of the hot pot to help it melt and dissolve.
Remove from the heat (it’s OK if there are still some small unmelted pieces of candy bar in the cream mixture.
Take about a cup of the hot mixture and very slowly drizzle it into the bowl with the egg yolks – constantly whisking while you add the hot mixture. (A slow drizzle will prevent the eggs from cooking as you add the hot cream mixture.)
Once your egg mixture is smooth, slowly pour the egg mixture back into the saucepan with the rest of the hot cream and candy bar mixture.
Cook the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens a bit and coats the back of a spoon. (This will take less than 5 minutes as well, and again, do not bring the mixture to a simmer or boil, or it will curdle.)
Remove the pan from the heat and pour the mixture through a fine strainer into a bowl.
Cover the bowl with a large piece of plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the custard. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the custard as it cools.) Refrigerate overnight.
Churn in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s instructions. As you get to the last few minutes of the churning process, pour in the Milky Way Bites and caramel sauce and allow it to churn a minute or so more until mixed throughout.
After churning, freeze again for 4-6 hours before serving.


Heat olive oil in heavy bottom stock pot over medium high heat and add pancetta. Cook just until the fat renders off the pancetta (do not brown), approximately 2-3 minutes.
Add in cabbage, carrots, leeks, onions and garlic and sauté for five minutes.
Add in chopped tomatoes and sauté for an additional two minutes.
Add in 
Simmer for 25-30 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
Cook the pasta according to package directions, cool and set aside.
To the soup, add the cooked pasta, chick peas, kidney beans and pesto.
Season with salt and pepper and serve with grated Parmesan cheese and crusty bread.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium pot with boiling salted water, drop in potatoes and cook until fork tender, about 15 minutes.
While potatoes are cooking, in a medium to large skillet over medium high, heat oil and add carrots, onions, celery, garlic, thyme and oregano. Cook until tender, about 3 minutes.
Move vegetables to the sides and place ground beef in center. Break apart with a wooden spoon and cook until no longer pink. Mix in with vegetables.
Lower heat to medium and add flour and tomato paste and cook stirring often for one minute.
Add hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, gravy color, and water and cook until water is absorbed and mixture is thick and creamy, about another one or two minutes. Remove from heat.
Once potatoes are done, drain and return to pan and cook to evaporate any remaining water. Remove from heat and add salt, pepper, all of the milk and one third of the shredded cheese. Mash with a potato masher until you have a smooth consistency. Set aside.
In a 24 cup tea muffin tin (2 ounce cups), spray with pan spray.
Place a single won ton wrapper in each cup pressing to the bottom and sides.
Brush a tiny bit of water in each and place a second won ton wrapper into cup making sure the four corners are opposite the first wrapper so eight points stick up.
Divided the meat mixture between the 24 cups.
Divide the potato mixture over the top of the beef in each cup.
Take the remaining cheese and top each cup over the potato mixture.
Spray the entire tops with pan spray and place in center of oven.
Cook for 15-20 minutes to slightly browned and golden.


Cut each pepper in half the long way, leaving stem connected (cut right through stem so each half pepper has half a stem. This will act as a handle when eating)
With a teaspoon, scoop out seeds and discard. Peppers this small sometimes have no seeds. Line these cut side up on a parchment lined sheet pan. Set aside.
In a small sauce pan over medium heat, cook shallots and garlic in the oil for about five minutes until somewhat soft. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a large bowl add goat cheese, cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco, egg and dry potato. Add the now cooled shallot mixture. Stir cream cheese mixture until completely combined.
Divide filling between the cut pepper halves using a teaspoon to fill. This step is a bit tedious. For this reason, I extended the prep time to 45 minutes.
Heat oven to 425 degrees F.
In a shallow bowl, mix panko, butter and paprika.
Take each stuffed pepper and press the stuffing side down into the panko to coat top. Repeat for each pepper and place the peppers back on tray once coated. If the pepper does not sit flat, line them up so that they lean against each other.
Bake uncovered for 12-15 minutes or until golden brown. The filling should be hot and the pepper just slightly cooked.
Using a spatula, remove to a tray and serve immediately.


Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
In a mixing bowl, cream together the sugar and shortening until light and fluffy. Add the egg and mix until blended. Then add the milk and mix again until blended.
In a separate bowl, sift together the 2 cups flour, baking powder and salt. Fold the dry mixture into the wet mixture slowly until blended. Fold in the berries.
Grease and flour a 9x9 or 8x10 pan. Spread the blueberry batter evenly into the prepared pan.
To make the topping, combine the sugar, flour, and cinnamon. With a pastry blender or two knives, cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Sprinkle over the cake mixture in the pan.
Bake at 375 degrees for 35-40 minutes for an 8x10 pan or 45-50 minutes for an 9x9 pan (until cake tester comes out clean). Other size baking pans may be used - just adjust the cooking time accordingly.
Serve warm or cold, plain or with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream.




Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F with rack in the center of the oven.
Spray the inside of a 12 cup muffin tin with pan spray (You will only be using 10 of the 12). Then, using vegetable shortening, liberally grease the top of the pan. Place muffin liners into the sprayed holes. (If using the taller tulip muffin liners that we used in our photos, no need to grease the top of the muffin pan since the batter will stay inside the liners.) Set the pan aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream butter and shortening for one minute with the paddle attachment.
Add sugar and beat on medium for about one minute.
With the machine on medium, add one egg at a time and blend to mix. Scrape sides then beat on medium for two and a half minutes. This is important to whip air into the batter.
Add vanilla and beat for a few more seconds to combine.
Mix both flours, salt and baking powder in a small bowl. Just stir a few times to mix.
Start adding the flour mixture and the milk a little at a time with the mixer running. Once they are both in, do not mix further. You want to just get them incorporated without over mixing. Otherwise the muffins will be tough.
Remove the mixing bowl to your counter and fold in the mixed berries.
Using an ice-cream scoop, divide the mixture between ten cups of the prepared 12 cup muffin tin. The batter will be piled high above the rim.
Sprinkle the 
Bake for five minutes then reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and bake for 20 more minutes. (If your oven has a hot spot, rotate pan halfway through. Do not over bake. They will be soft but 25 minutes is plenty of time and they will bake a little further outside of the oven.)
Remove to a rack to cool.


Place the mixed baby greens in a large bowl.
Peel the pears and cut into thin slices, removing the core and any seeds.
Add the pear slices, cranberries and sliced red onion to the bowl with the greens. Toss with enough 
Sprinkle the 
Serve immediately.


In a large salad bowl, toss the mixed greens with a light coating of 
Add the cut prosciutto and cantaloupe pieces and toss again to combine.
Sprinkle the top of the salad with crumbled goat cheese. Serve immediately.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, mix the cake mix, eggs, canola oil, and Starbucks coffee then beat on medium speed for two minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Line 24 muffin tin cups with muffin paper and equally fill each cup with the batter.
Bake for 18-21 minutes until a tooth pick inserted comes out clean. Remove to a rack to cool.
While cupcakes are cooling, make frosting by placing butter in the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment and beat until the butter is creamy and pale in color, 1-2 minutes.
In a separate bowl, sift confectioner’s sugar and cocoa together.
With mixer running on slow, alternate adding powdered sugar mixture, brewed Starbucks coffee and coffee extract.
Scrape the bowl then beat until creamy, about another minute. Scrape the bowl and paddle again and mix to combine.
Fill a large pastry bag with a large star tip with the icing and divide between the 24 cupcakes by piping a decorative circle of frosting starting from outside and finishing in the center.
Place a Lindt LINDOR truffle into the center of each and then sprinkle the chocolate sprinkles over the top and serve.


Line a deep dish pie plate with the pie crust and crimp the edges. Set aside in the refrigerator while you prepare the filling and the topping. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
To prepare the filling, peel the zucchini and slice in half lengthwise. Using the tip of a spoon, remove all seeds. Slice the zucchini into ¼-inch slices crosswise. You should have approximately 6 cups of zucchini slices.
Place the zucchini slices into a large skillet along with the lemon juice and salt. Cook over medium heat, tossing frequently until tender-crisp, similar to the texture of a slice of apple. (Also avoid browning the zucchini.) Remove from heat to cool slightly.
In a large mixing bowl, stir together brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, cream of tartar and flour. Add the cooked zucchini to the cinnamon mixture and stir to combine. (It’s fine if there are juices in the bottom of the bowl.)
To prepare the topping, place flour, both sugars, cinnamon and salt into the bowl of a food processor and pulse once or twice to combine. Add the chilled butter to the mixture and pulse again repeatedly until the mixture in the bowl resembles wet sand.
Pour zucchini filling into the prepared pie crust. Pour the topping mixture evenly over the top of the filling.
Bake for 30 minutes or until the topping is golden brown and the filling is bubbling thickly at the edges.
Remove pie from the oven and cool on a wire rack for approximately 1 hour to set.
Serve warm with vanilla ice cream.


Spray a large non stick sauté pan with cooking spray, then place pan over medium high heat.
Add beef, onion, ginger and garlic. Cook 5-7 minutes until beef is browned and onions are soft.
Add bok choy, pepper, mushrooms, soy sauce, optional hot sauce, optional oyster sauce and cook until bok choy has wilted, about 4 minutes.
Remove from heat and spoon into the lettuce leaves. Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line 12 muffin cups with paper muffin liners (or grease a non-stick muffin pan).
In a large bowl, mix together the flour, sugar, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Stir in the carrots, raisins, chopped walnuts, coconut, shredded apple and flaxseed. Mix until well blended.
In a separate smaller bowl, whisk together the eggs, oil and vanilla. Pour the egg mixture into the carrot/flour mixture and stir just until moistened.
Scoop batter into prepared muffin cups. (Note that the muffin cups will be very full which is OK as these muffins rise only slightly during the baking process.)
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 20-25 minutes. They will be done when the centers are still slightly soft but a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin comes out clean.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Mix all ingredients until combined except ½ cup of the Swiss cheese.
Divide the mixture into 12 balls and fill a 12 cup muffin pan with the meatballs. I used a large ice-cream scoop so they were flat on the bottom and round on top.
Sprinkle the remaining ½ cup of cheese over each and bake uncovered for 30 minutes. Remove from pan and discard fat in each muffin cup.
Serve with additional sour cream and beet horseradish with boiled potatoes, or between slices of rye bread and eaten as a sandwich.


In a medium sauce pan, place and mix all ingredients and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat to a simmer and simmer 15 minutes uncovered.
Remove from heat and let cool.


In a medium-sized saucepan with cover, combine water, salt, and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Add the brown rice and lentils to the saucepan and bring back to a boil.
Once the lentils and rice have reached a boil, reduce heat to low and cover. Simmer for approximately 40-45 minutes or until the brown rice and lentils are tender. Turn off heat and allow to sit covered for 5 minutes.
While the rice and lentils are cooking, prepare the onions. In a large skillet, heat the remaining ¼ cup of olive oil over medium high heat, tipping the skillet so that the oil evenly coats the bottom of the pan.
Add the sliced onions, and cook for about 20-30 minutes, stirring frequently until the onions are a deep golden color, and the edges of the onions are well caramelized. Once cooked, remove from the heat and sprinkle the paprika over the onions. Stir to combine.
Give the rice and lentil mixture a stir, then pour into a serving bowl. Top with caramelized onions and serve. (This dish is delicious served hot off the stove or at room temperature.)


To prepare the mushrooms, clean the mushrooms by brushing them off (do not wash if possible) and cut into quarters (stems may be left on).
In a medium sauté pan, melt the 1 tablespoon each of butter and olive oil. Add the cleaned and quartered mushrooms and sauté over medium-high heat until lightly browned, stirring frequently. (Note – it’s important to sauté the mushrooms over somewhat high heat in order to get the mushrooms to release their moisture without steaming the mushrooms.) Once the mushrooms are lightly browned and tender and plump, sprinkle lightly with just a touch of salt and allow to sauté for another minute more – this step will release just a bit more of the moisture in the mushrooms. Remove the mushrooms from the heat and set aside.
To prepare the rice, in a medium heavy-bottomed saucepan, melt the butter and olive oil together over medium-high heat. Add the diced onion and sauté for 5 minutes, until the onions are translucent.
Add the Arborio rice, stirring frequently for 2-3 minutes until the rice is just starting to turn lightly golden.
Quickly pour in the white wine and allow the liquid to boil and be absorbed into the rice. Then pour in ¼ cup of chicken stock to the rice, stirring constantly. (If necessary, adjust the heat under the pot – you want a medium simmer.) Add more stock ¼ cup at a time – adding more just as most but not all of the liquid is absorbed before adding in more stock.)
Cook the rice and stock together in this manner for approximately 25 minutes or so – until the rice is tender but not mushy. Turn the heat off when there is still some liquid remaining in the rice and stir in the parmesan cheese and mushrooms and salt and pepper to taste. Stir to combine completely.
Remove from heat and cover – let sit for 5 minutes before serving.
Note: Risotto may be reheated by adding in some additional chicken stock and stirring to incorporate into the risotto.


Mix the softened cream cheese with the dried sage and divided evenly between the four slices of sour dough bread.
Top with the crisp lettuce, fresh turkey slices and the 


Heat grill to high heat on one side and medium heat on the other.
Divide the ground beef in half and form two thick burgers (or for smaller portions, form into 4 burgers).
Mix the two coarsely ground peppers together and place on a large plate. Press each burger into the pepper mixture, coating the ground beef with a thick layer of peppercorns. Flip and coat the other side with a thick layer of peppercorns.
Place a large cast iron skillet on the hottest part of the grill and allow it to get as hot as possible.
Add butter and oil and when that melts and starts to smoke a bit, place peppered burgers in the center of the pan.
After two minutes, turn each burger. After two more minutes, transfer the burgers out of the pan and place directly on the grates onto the cooler side of the grill. (If you formed four smaller burgers, they will cook in less time)
Place cut mushrooms and shallots into the hot pan from which you just removed the burgers, and cook and stir while burgers are gently cooking on the cooler side of the grill.
Turn the burgers once after about a minute and a half and cook for the same amount of time on the other side. (Again, less if you are cooking smaller burgers)
After the shallots and mushrooms have started to brown, pull the pan back and add the cognac being careful if it flares up.
Allow the shallot and mushroom mixture to cook until the cognac has evaporated, then add the cream. Stir and add burgers back into shallot and mushroom mixture and turn once to coat both sides in the sauce.
Top each burger with the slices of Wisconsin Pepato cheese and close the grill cover until the cheese has melted.
To serve, spoon the shallot and mushroom mixture from the pan onto the bottom half of each roll. Place the burgers on top of the shallot mushroom mixture, then top with a slice of fresh tomato and arugula.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a small bowl, dissolve cocoa powder and cayenne with hot brewed coffee and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, cream shortening, oil and sugar until well combined.
Add eggs and beat until light and creamy, about 1-2 minutes. This process beats air into the mixture. Scrape paddle and bowl and beat once.
Slowly add in coffee/cocoa mixture, buttermilk and vanilla and beat until batter is smooth. Scrape paddle and bowl and beat once.
In a separate bowl, sift flour, salt, baking soda and baking powder. Add dry ingredients to wet and beat on low speed to incorporate. Scrape down bowl and beat until all ingredients are well combined.
Butter the bottom and sides of two cake pans and place a round parchment circle in each. Butter the top of the parchment then sprinkle the whole inside of the parchment and pan with cocoa powder, shaking out excess. Pour batter evenly between two pans and place in center of oven.
Bake 30-40 minutes or until tooth pick inserted in center comes out clean. Depending on your oven, you may need to rotate cake pans half way through. The use of olive oil in this recipe requires it to cook a few minutes longer than most cakes.
Cool pans on wire racks for ten minutes then carefully invert out of pan onto rack to cool further.
Sift cocoa powder with confectioner’s sugar in a large bowl. In the bowl of a stand mixer or hand mixer, cream butter until smooth. Add sugar and cocoa powder mixture along with buttermilk and vanilla and beat until smooth and creamy. Add additional buttermilk or whole milk if frosting is too thick.
Place a small dollop of frosting on a cake dish to hold the cake from sliding and place one cake on the frosting. Frost the top of that layer. Place the second cake on the first and frost the entire cake, top and sides.


Cut tops off of peppers and remove all seeds and ribs, set aside.
Place bread in a large bowl and cover with milk, making sure the bread gets all soaked. Let sit 10 minutes.
With your hands or a wooden spoon, mash bread and milk to form a thick wet mash.
Add raisins, eggs, cheese, bread crumbs, ½ cup of the tomato sauce, garlic powder, Italian seasoning and black pepper and mix to combine.
Spoon a tablespoon of oil in each pepper and swirl around, then place a tablespoon of sauce in the bottom of each cavity.
Divide the filling between the peppers, loosely packed.
Heat a cast iron skillet over medium heat and add all but two tablespoons of the olive oil to the pan.
Once hot, place peppers into oil on their sides and over 25-30 minutes, cook and turn until all of the skin has been browned, including the bottoms.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a casserole dish large enough to hold the peppers, place a cup of tomato sauce on the bottom and as each pepper is browned, place face up into the prepared casserole dish.
Drizzle about a teaspoon of olive oil over each and top with the remaining sauce.
Cover with parchment and foil and bake for one hour.
Serve immediately with additional tomato sauce and grated Romano cheese.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Place the raisins and rum in a microwave safe bowl and microwave for 30 seconds covered. Remove from the microwave and keep covered until needed.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream butter, shortening and both sugars until light and fluffy.
Add the egg and vanilla and beat to combine. Scrape bowl and mix again.
In a separate bowl, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda and pumpkin spice. With mixer running, slowly add the flour mixture and mix to combine. Add raisins and any liquid and mix just to combine.
Prepare three cookie sheets with parchment paper and using a 
Place the turbinado into a small low bowl.
Pick up each dough ball, roll to round, flatten slightly in your hand then press one side into the sugar. Place on prepared sheet trays sugar side up, 12 per pan and bake for 12 minutes.
Remove to a rack to cool.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Cut corn from cob if using fresh corn
Butter a 9” round or square 9 X 2 ½“ deep casserole dish.
In a large bowl beat eggs, cream, salt, pepper and nutmeg.
Add corn, ½ cup of the cracker crumbs and 2 tablespoons of the melted butter.
Pour the mixture into the prepared pan.
Sprinkle all of the cheese over the top.
Mix the remaining cracker crumbs with the remaining butter and sprinkle over the top.
Dust with a little paprika.
Bake 45-50 minutes or until puffed and golden brown. The edges will be crispy and the center a bit loose.
Serve immediately.


Place tomato juice, vodka, clam juice, Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco sauce, lemon juice and horseradish in a shaker, shake and pour over crushed ice.
Top with a lemon twist and serve with a celery stick, tomatoes skewered and a straw.


Place the first cup of apple cider on the stove and bring to a boil and boil until reduced to ¼ cup. Set aside to cool.
Core and peel the apples and then cut each into 16 slices (fewer slices if using smaller apples). Have a bowl of water that has a whole lemon squeezed into it. Place apples into water and then onto a plate to dry and set aside. This will keep them from turning brown.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar until well mixed.
With the mixer running, add one egg at a time beating until smooth. Scrap sides and beat until light and fluffy, about three minutes.
In a medium bowl, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
Measure out cream and add cooled reduced cider to cream.
With the mixer on low, alternate adding the flour mixture and the cream/cider mixture until well combined. Scrape sides and mix until smooth.
Grease a 9X9 square pan liberally with vegetable shortening and pour in the batter.
Arrange the apples, outer edges up into the top of the batter.
In a small bowl or cup, mix the sugar with cinnamon and sprinkle over the top of the cake and place in the oven for 50-60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean.
While the cake is baking, make the glaze.
Place the second cup of apple cider on the stove as before only reduce down to two tablespoons. Watch it that it doesn’t evaporate too far.
Place the confectioners’ sugar in a small bowl and add the reduced cider along with one tablespoon of milk or cream and stir. Add the last tablespoon of milk or cream a little at a time until desired consistency. It should be thick but runny enough to drizzle off the end of a spoon.
When the cake comes out of the oven, cool to room temperature and cut into nine squares.
Drizzle the glaze over each portion letting it run down the sides and serve.
Serve with 


Place corned beef and any liquid from the bag into an 8 quart pot and fill with cold water. Bring to a boil and skim off foam that floats to the top. Reduce to a medium simmer and cook uncovered for three hours, replacing hot water every 30 minutes or so to keep water to the top. After three hours, let sit in water off burner for 15 minutes then remove to a sheet tray. The spice bag mix does not get used while the corned beef is cooking. Corned beef has enough flavor on its own and you want the taste of the meat to shine.
OK, here is trick number one. In food service, we would cook the corned beef the day prior, place in the cooler with a heavy weight on top and the next day, any grains of heavy fat intermingled throughout the meat would be squeezed out yielding a less fatty looking slice. To do this at home and to show the difference, I cut the cooked roast in half and left one un-pressed and pressed the other by putting a second sheet pan over the top and topping with a heavy Dutch oven filled with some water. That whole set up is then placed in the refrigerator overnight. This step is not totally necessary but I wanted to show the difference. Once the meat is hot, you really can’t see the fat and as a bonus, fat tastes good. So this is your choice here. 
There should be about 6 quarts of liquid left in the pot and this will be flavored now with the spice bag.
Lay out a double layer of cheese cloth and fill with peppercorns, cloves, bay leaves, mustard seeds, coriander seeds, all spice berries, fresh ginger, cinnamon stick and pepper flakes. Pull up sides and tie with butchers twine. (Alternately, you can just use a commercial pickling spice mix).
Bring the pot back to a boil and place the spice bag into the pot. Boil for ten minutes, then remove and discard the spice bag. It has served its purpose.
To avoid over cooked vegetables, I actually took the time and effort here to cook each vegetable separate so that I could give you the exact time that each vegetable takes to be perfectly cooked but not over cooked. You of course won’t be doing that, unless you want to of course, so just use this as a timing guide. Below I list each vegetable with how to prepare and the exact time to cook.
Bring the 8 quart pot with the now flavored liquid to a boil to start cooking the vegetables. Based on the timing below, you can place vegetables in the order of the length of time they take to cook, ending with the vegetable that takes the least time to cook. I list each below.
Cabbage: Cut the end off the cabbage but do not core. We leave the core attached so that the cooked cabbage stays in wedges without falling apart. Remove any discolored outer leaves and cut the cabbage in half through the center of the core. Then cut each half in half keeping the core intact for each piece. Finally cut each quarter in half again keeping core attached to each wedge. Place in boiling liquid. The liquid will take about eight minutes to come back to a boil and only about four or five additional minutes to cook.
Potatoes: Peel the potatoes and cut in quarters if large or thirds or halves if small. Place in boiling liquid. The liquid will take two minutes to come back to a boil and 15 minutes to cook.
Onions: Cut top and bottom off and peel but leave whole. If you cut them, they fall apart and are hard to fish out after. Place in boiling liquid and cook for 25 minutes including the time it takes to come back to a boil.
Parsnips: Cut off ends and cut on the bias into uniform sized pieces. They should be large enough to be more than a mouthful but not left whole. Place in boiling liquid and cook about 8 minutes including time to come back to a boil.
Turnip: Cut off both ends and peel completely down to white or yellow meat. Make sure all skin and green inner lining is peeled off. Cut into 2-3 inch chunks and place into boiling liquid. Cook for 15-18 minutes including time to come back to a boil.
Yellow or orange beets (not red): Peel and quarter. Place in boiling water and cook for 15 minutes including time to come back to a boil.
Carrots: Peel, cut ends off and cut into similar size and shape as parsnips. Place in boiling water and cook for ten minutes including time for liquid to come back to a boil.
If cooking all vegetables in the same pot, the order would be as follows: onions, potatoes, turnip, beets, cabbage, carrots and parsnips, letting each cook for a bit before adding the next. I prefer cooking each separately, but only because I am very finicky about over cooked vegetables and I like serving them separate to give dinner guests or family the chance to select what they want.
At this point, you can refrigerate everything including the rest of the liquid and get back at it just before dinner that day or the next day. There should be two quarts of liquid left. If you have less, just add enough water to bring it back to two quarts.
About an hour before dinner is to be served, place each cooked vegetable in a large roasting pan or similar type of vessel.
Heat the 2 quarts of liquid and pour half over the vegetables. Cover the top of the roasting pan with a lid, an inverted sheet pan or foil and place over two burners. Bring the heat to a medium flame with both burners and gently heat the vegetables back up. This will take 15-20 minutes to heat them through. Keep covered so no moisture escapes.
Here is another great tip. By now you were probably wondering what the corn starch was for. Basically we are going to make a glaze to heat the meat and serve over the vegetables as they are served. The glaze gives everything a nice tasty glisten and is great to sop up with bread.
Mix the corn starch with a few drops of water to form a slurry and add it the remaining quart of hot stock. Heat and stir until thickened to a light syrupy consistency.
Place the cold corned beef on your cutting board and remove any visible fat. Slice in thick slices against the grain.
Place a large skillet, fry pan or cast iron skillet over a burner and place in sliced corned beef along with half the thickened liquid and turn on the burner. Cover and heat over medium until just hot.
Finally to serve (bet you thought we would never get there), place hot meat and vegetables on each dinner plate and spoon a little of the remaining hot thickened liquid over each. If serving family style, transfer meat and vegetables to a platter and spoon or brush the tops with the glaze.
Serve with nice crusty bread or a hearty rye. By the way, this meal lends itself to great leftovers.


In a pan large enough to hold the clams, bring 3 cups of water to a boil. Add clams and cover the pot. Cook over medium high heat for 7-9 minutes. If any clams don’t open, discard. Remove clams from broth and transfer to a sheet tray. Reserve the broth. Strain through a fine sieve lined with a coffee filter or cheese cloth. Strain a few times to remove all traces of sand.
Remove the clams from the shells. With a sharp knife, cut meat around belly and reserve. Then split the bellies lengthwise and scrape out and discard the contents. Cut bellies and add to the reserved chopped clams. Discard shells.
In a large heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, cook 
Add celery, onions, garlic and half the potatoes and cook for about ten minutes or until onions are translucent. Stir often. Add flour and cook for another minute.
Add 3 cups of reserved broth, the rest of the potatoes, thyme and bay leaf and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 10-15 minutes..
Once potatoes are tender, remove the pot from the heat, discard bay leaf and add chopped clams and cream. (If you are making this ahead of time, do not add the cream until you are ready to heat and serve.)
Season chowder with pepper as needed and heat to serving temperature. Depending on how briny the clams are and since this recipe used salt pork, you may not need to put in additional salt.
Serve with a dollop of butter over each portion and oyster crackers on the side.


Place the cooked lobster meat in large bowl.
In a separate, smaller bowl combine the mayonnaise, lemon juice, celery, parsley, scallion, sriracha, and salt and pepper. Mix and taste for seasoning. Once you have the seasoning to your liking, add to the cooked lobster meat and mix.
Brush both sides of rolls with butter and toast both sides in a medium fry pan over medium heat until nicely browned.
Divide the lobster salad between each roll per your preference. Some serve lettuce under the lobster salad but we like it without, your choice.


In a small sauce pan, place water and sugar and bring to a boil stirring to dissolve the sugar. Reduce to a medium boil and do not touch or stir this mixture again. If you do, the sugar will crystalize instead of turning amber. Cook this mixture using this method for 15-20 minutes. Using a wet pastry brush, brush the sides as sugar crystalizes on the inside of the pan but do not let the brush touch the surface of the mixture. Eventually you will see it start to slowly turn amber. Again, do not stir but instead as it begins to brown, roll the pan around and around the burner so that it browns evenly. It may smoke a bit so watch carefully and do not let it get too dark (at this point, a minute too long will burn it so watch closely). As soon as it is amber (yellowish brown), immediately remove the pan and pour directly into the eight cup soufflé glass baking dish. Quickly pick up the dish and roll it around so the caramel sauce coats the sides all the way up to the rim. It will be molten hot so do not touch the sauce with your fingers. Set this coated dish aside someplace to cool while you make the pudding. It will harden as it cools.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and place a roasting pan filled halfway with hot tap water. Also boil more water on the stove and hold until needed.
In a large bowl, beat eggs and add pumpkin puree. Mix until combined and add sugar, salt, ginger, cinnamon, cloves and two cups of the heavy cream. (The third cup gets whipped as a topping when ready to serve).
Mix this pumpkin mixture until well combined and add it to the caramel coated soufflé glass baking dish.
Place the filled baking dish into the pan with the water and pour enough hot water into the roasting pan to come to at least half way up the sides of the glass baking dish.
Bake for two hours (less if you are using some other baking dish). A clean paring knife inserted in the center should come out clean so check at 90 minutes then every 15 minutes.
Remove from water and place on a trivet to cool for 30 minutes then refrigerate in the baking dish for four hours or overnight covered with plastic.
After it sits for at least four hours, place a serving platter over the top and quickly invert onto the platter and remove the glass baking dish. The pudding should slide right out, and the now liquid caramel sauce will pour out over the pudding and onto the platter.
Whip the remaining cup of cream to stiff peaks and with a pastry bag and star tip, squeeze out swirly mounds of cream around the pudding and platter.
Last, sprinkle the candied ginger pieces over the top of each mound of whipped cream and serve in wedges with a pie server.


In a food processor, chop almonds to a semi fine ground. Remove to a medium bowl.
In the food processor, grind graham crackers to a crumb size. Add to almonds in bowl.
Stir almonds and crackers then add butter and almond butter. Mix to combine.
In a 9 inch spring form pan, press mixture into bottom working a little up the sides (about ¾ of an inch high). Use thumb and index finger to push it against the sides and bottom to make a nice neat crust. Refrigerate for one hour.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, add all filling ingredients and mix to combine.
Scrape into center of prepared crust and with a spatula, work to the edge but not over the top of the edge. Smooth the top, cover with plastic and refrigerate for four hours or overnight.
Once set, remove from spring form pan.
Whip cream and place in pastry bag with star tip. Decorate top of cheesecake in your own design, cut and serve.


Combine all dry ingredients in a large bowl.
Combine all wet ingredients in a medium bowl then add to dry bowl. Mix until combined into a sticky dough.
Divide dough into 24 pieces (roll into a log, cut in quarters and each quarter in half and each piece into thirds).
Roll one at a time between your palms and while still wet and sticky, press into the chopped almonds. Repeat process for each truffle. If the dough dries out before you roll, spray with a small squirt of pan spray and re-roll.
Store refrigerated.


Combine graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, sugar and brown sugar in a bowl. Mix until completely combined.
Pour the mixture into a 9-inch pie plate and spread, pressing down firmly, so that you have an even layer in the bottom of the plate and about ½ an inch up the sides. Freeze the crust while you are preparing the pie filling.
Pour chocolate chips into a microwave-safe bowl and microwave at medium power for about 1 minute. Continue to microwave 15-30 seconds at a time, stirring after each heating until the chips are completely melted. Set aside to cool.
In the bowl of a stand mixer using the paddle attachment and at medium speed, beat together the softened cream cheese, sugar and butter until light and creamy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and with the mixer at low speed, slowly drizzle in the melted chocolate. Mix until completely blended together.
Replace the paddle attachment of your stand mixer with the whisk attachment, and at low speed, fold in the softened whipped topped until well blended. Spoon the mixture into the pie crust.
Refrigerate until firm – about 2 hours. When ready to serve, cut into slices and serve with additional whipped topping.


Prepare two cookie sheets with parchment paper but leave the oven off.
In a medium to large sauce pan, add cocoa powder, sugar, milk and butter. Bring to a boil and stir to make sure sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and stir in oats. Add vanilla, coconut and nuts and stir again. (Vanilla should not be added when liquid is cooking as it makes mixture foam, add it after the oats as indicated).
Let mixture sit on stove off heat for ten minutes then stir again.
Scoop warm mixture onto parchment lined cookie sheets, 12 per pan. I used a small ice cream scoop.
Wet your fingers in a little bowl of water and flatten the scoops of mixture down to cookie size, tucking in and smoothing sides with your fingers.
Refrigerate for an hour to set and enjoy. Keep refrigerated or serve immediately.


Place the graham crackers in the bowl of a food processor and pulse the crackers into fine crumbs. Add the melted butter, sugar and brown sugar and pulse until combined.
Spoon the crumbs into individual 9-ounce plastic cups (or other individual sized cups for serving). Place in the refrigerator to set while you are preparing the filling.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese until light and creamy.
Add the pumpkin, pumpkin pie spice, and pudding mix and beat until completely mixed, scraping down the sides and bottom of the bowl to ensure that all ingredients are well combined.
Add the sweetened condensed milk and mix again until well combined.
Change your stand mixture attachment to the wire whisk. On slow speed, fold in the tub of Cool Whip until well combined.
Allow the mixture to sit in the refrigerator for about an hour to firm up.
Using a large pastry bag with a large tip, or a spoon, top the graham cracker crust in each cup with the pumpkin mixture and refrigerate until ready to serve.
Garnish with additional whipped topping if desired.


Mix the crushed graham crackers, melted butter and both sugars until combined. This will be used as the base.
Remove ½ cup of this mix and mix with chopped pecans. This will be used as a topping; set aside for later.
Press the graham cracker base into the serving cups or glasses. Depending on the size, you may yield eight or ten. Refrigerate these while you work on the filling.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, beat cream cheese until light and creamy.
Cut four peaches in half and remove stone and stem. Save last peach for garnish.
Place the peaches in a food processor and pulse until pureed but still have small peach pieces.
Add the pureed peaches to the whipped cream cheese along with the optional peach schnapps, vanilla extract, cinnamon, cloves, ginger, nutmeg, mace and pudding mix. Mix to combine.
Scrape bowl then add condensed milk and mix again. Mix again and the fold in whipped topping.
Cover bowl and refrigerate for about an hour to firm up the filling.
While the filling is setting up, prepare a large pastry bag with a large star tip and set aside.
Cut the last peach into wedges.
Either in a small pan or in the microwave, melt butter and stir in brown sugar. Add pecans halves and peach wedges and toss to coat.
Once the filling is set, spoon into the star tipped pastry bag.
Remove glasses or dishes from the refrigerator and divide the peach preserves between each one, topping the crust.
Next pipe the filling into each serving dish dividing the filling equally.
Finally top each one with the chopped nut and graham mixture then place a peach wedge and three pecan halves on top of each serving.
Serve immediately.


Place the chocolate wafers and chocolate mints in the bowl of a food processor and pulse into fine crumbs. Add the melted butter and pulse again until combined.
Spoon the crumbs into individual 9-ounce plastic cups (or other individual sized cups for serving). Place in the refrigerator to set while you are preparing the filling.
Prepare the white chocolate pudding with the milk according to package instructions. (Note: Do NOT prepare the cheesecake pudding mix – that will be added as a dry stabilizer later in the recipe.)
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese until light and creamy.
Add the prepared white chocolate pudding, the dry cheesecake pudding mix and the peppermint extract and beat until completely mixed, scraping down the sides and bottom of the bowl to ensure that all ingredients are well combined.
Change your stand mixture attachment to the wire whisk. On slow speed, fold in the tub of frozen whipped topping and until well combined. If you’d like to tint your cheesecakes a light pink “peppermint” color, add 1 drop of red food coloring - you can leave the color swirled or mix completely for a light pink color. If desired, add a second drop of red food coloring if you want a darker pink color and mix again.
Allow the mixture to sit in the refrigerator for about an hour to firm up.
Using a large pastry bag with a large tip, or a spoon, top the chocolate mint crumb crust in each cup with the cheesecake mixture and refrigerate until ready to serve.
Garnish with additional whipped topping, a candy cane stick, a chocolate mint and crushed chocolate wafers and candy canes, if desired.


In the bowl of a stand mixer using the whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream until stiff peaks form.
Add the cinnamon to the bowl with the whipped cream, then with the mixer on low speed, drizzle in the sweetened condensed milk.
Once combined pour into a freezer-safe container. Cover and freeze for at least 6 hours or until the ice cream sets up.


In the bowl of a stand mixer using the whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream until stiff peaks form.
Add the peppermint extract and the food coloring to the bowl with the whipped cream, then with the mixer on low speed, drizzle in the sweetened condensed milk. Once combined, fold in the chocolate chips and gently stir until evenly mixed throughout the ice cream base.
Pour into a freezer-safe container. Cover and freeze for at least 6 hours or until the ice cream sets up.


Cook pasta according to package directions.
While the pasta is cooking, drain the anchovies and place them in cold water for a ten minutes. Then drain and dry. Set aside.
In a mortar, place garlic and the pinch of salt and crush to a paste. Alternately, you could do this on a cutting board with the side of a knife pressing over and over into a fine paste.
Add the anchovies and continue to work into a paste.
Add the capers and about a teaspoon of the oil and continue to work into a paste.
Add the remaining oil and half the parsley and continue to work into a paste. Set this aside.
If using fresh tomatoes, place a strainer over a medium bowl. Core tomatoes and cut in half on the horizon and squeeze the seeds into the strainer. Then push the seeds and pulp around the strainer to extract all juice. Discard seeds. Cut the tomatoes into rough pieces and add to the juice. If using canned, pour into a medium bowl.
Add the contents of the mortar to the tomatoes and stir.
Add the chopped olives and stir again.
Taste and add salt and pepper as desired. You may not need the salt depending on how well you rinsed the anchovies and capers.
Drain the hot cooked pasta and return to the pot. Add this sauce and heat just to serving temperature.
Serve with the rest of the chopped parsley and plenty of freshly grated Parmesan cheese.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Cook egg noodles according to package instructions. Drain well and toss with butter.
While noodles are cooking, in a large bowl with a mixer, combine cream cheese, sugar and eggs until smooth.
Add cooked, buttered noodles to the cream cheese mixture and by hand, gently stir to combine.
Add both milks and raisins and gently stir again.
Pour mixture into a large casserole dish like we show in our photo, or in a 13x9-inch pan.
Bake for 1 hour until custard is set and lightly golden on top.
Allow to cool slightly before serving.


Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil while making the sauce below.
In a large skillet or sauté pan, melt two tablespoons of butter over medium high heat and once frothy, add sliced mushrooms. Cook for five minutes or until browned. Remove to a bowl and set aside.
Add remaining butter, and over medium heat, sauté onions for about four minutes or until tender. Add garlic and cook for one more minute.
Add sour cream, Parmesan cheese, cheddar cheese, cream cheese, Worcestershire sauce, salt and pepper. Cook gently over medium to combine flavors. Set heat to low or remove from heat entirely.
Add egg noodles to boiling water and cook to just slightly under-cooked. Using a strainer or spider add noodles and the mushrooms to the pan with the sauce and return the burner under the sauce to medium.
Cook until the pasta is done. If too thick, add a little pasta water.
Serve with chopped fresh parsley.


In a medium to large pan with a tight fitting cover, over medium heat, place bacon fat and oil. Once hot add onions, carrots and garlic and sauté six minutes. Add Prosciutto and tomato paste and stir. Cover and lower heat to lowest setting and cook covered for 25 minutes.
Remove lid, raise heat, add broth and pepper and bring to a boil. Add rice and when the mixture just starts to come back to a boil, cover and lower heat to lowest setting.
After 20 minutes remove from heat, fluff with fork and taste. Salt now if needed and let sit five minutes, and then serve.


Place a 9 or 10 inch springform pan, as well as a very large mixing bowl in the freezer to chill.
In a large saucepan over low heat, combine the Nutella and Rice Krispies cereal. Mix well until the Rice Krispies are completely coated with the Nutella. Remove from heat.
Line a sheet pan or cookie sheet with parchment or wax paper. Pour the Nutella-Rice Krispies mixture onto the lined sheet pan and spread evenly. Then place in the freezer to chill.
While the coated cereal mixture is cooling, remove the ice cream from the freezer and place in the refrigerator to soften.
After about 30-45 minutes (you want the Nutella coated cereal to be cooled and firm but not frozen at this point) – using a fork and knife – cut the coated cereal into bite sized pieces. Place back into the freezer, if necessary, until the ice cream is softened.
Once your ice cream is softened (it should be just softened enough to stir in the coated cereal but not so melted that it is runny), remove the Nutella-cereal pieces, the large mixing bowl and the springform pan from the freezer.
Reserve 2 cups of the Nutella-cereal mixture.
Quickly combine the ice cream and remaining coated cereal in the chilled mixing bowl, then pour the mixture into the chilled springform pan, packing it firmly so that there are no air pockets. Top the cake with the reserved Nutella-cereal mixture.
Cover with plastic wrap and place the springform pan back into the freezer for at least 4-6 hours or overnight until completely frozen.
Remove the cake from the freezer about 30-45 minutes before serving and place in the refrigerator to soften a bit.
When ready to serve, place the cake on a platter or cake stand and remove the sides of the springform pan. Cut and serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and spray the center with non-stick cooking spray (approximately 12-inch diameter circle). Set aside.
In a large bowl, mix together the flour, oats, brown sugar, baking powder and salt. Add the pieces of butter and using a pastry cutter or your fingers, mix the butter into the flour mixture until it forms coarse crumbs.
In a separate small bowl, mix the egg, milk, molasses and vanilla. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and stir until a sticky dough forms.
Add the diced apple and currants to the dough, mixing to evenly combine throughout.
Place the dough in the center of the prepared cookie sheet, forming an even circle approximately 8-9 inches in diameter. Using a long knife, cut the circle of dough into 8 even wedges.
Bake for 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of one of the wedges comes out cleanly. Remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack. Re-cut the wedges with a knife before serving.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray a 13x9-inch baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, stir together the flour, oatmeal, and brown sugar. Add the softened butter to the mixing bowl and mix on medium speed until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Measure out 1 ½ cups of the crumb mixture and set aside in a separate bowl.
Pour the remaining crumbs into the prepared baking dish and press evenly into the bottom of the dish. Bake for 15 minutes.
While the crust is baking, in the same bowl of the stand mixer, cream the softened cream cheese and sugar together on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs, lemon juice and vanilla extract and mix well.
Also while the crust is baking, in a small bowl, combine the cranberry sauce and cornstarch and mix thoroughly.
When the crust is done baking, remove from the oven and pour the cream cheese mixture evenly over the crust. Then spoon the cranberry mixture evenly over the cream cheese mixture, spreading gently with the back of a spoon so that it is evenly coated. Then sprinkle the reserved oatmeal crumbs over the top of the cranberry mixture.
Bake for 40 or until completely set and very lightly golden brown.
Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely on a wire rack. Cover and refrigerate the baking dish for at least 3 hours so that the bars can firm up.
Once chilled, cut into bars and serve.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Line a sheet pan with foil and spread the oats evenly on the sheet. Bake the oats for about 10 minutes, stirring the oats occasionally, until lightly golden brown. Set aside.
Sprinkle the sugar into a medium, heavy bottomed saucepan, and heat over medium heat. Be sure to watch this – as soon as the sugar starts to liquefy and darken on the outer edges, use a heat-proof 
Tilt the pan as needed and stir until all of the sugar is melted and turns to a caramel color. As soon as the caramel begins to smoke, remove the pan from the heat and quickly pour in the oatmeal, stirring to coat with your spatula. (Do NOT touch this mixture – it is super hot and will stick to and burn your skin.)
Scrape the oatmeal-caramel mixture back onto the foil-lined baking sheet and using your spatula spread out as much as possible. Sprinkle with salt and allow to cool completely.
Once cool, break the praline into small bits – pulsing in a food processor is the easiest way, or place into a plastic bag and pound with a rolling pin to crush into small bits. Set aside.
In a small saucepan over low heat, heat the water and sugar, stirring until the sugar completely dissolves.
Add the raisins and simmer about 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until most of the liquid has absorbed into the raisins. (You’ll want about 2 tablespoons of liquid remaining in the bottom of the pan.)
Remove from the heat, stir in the bourbon and set aside to cool.
In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Set aside.
In another medium bowl, whisk together the cream, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Set a 
In a large shallow bowl, prepare an ice bath by filling with very cold water and ice cubes. Set aside.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, warm the milk, sugar and salt until the sugar completely dissolves. While whisking, very slowly pour the warm milk mixture into the egg yolks (make sure to whisk the whole time so that the eggs don't turn into scrambled eggs). Pour the egg and milk mixture back into the saucepan.
Heat the saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly and scraping the bottom of the pan while you stir (a heat-proof, silicone spatula works well for this), until the mixture thickens and coats the back of spoon, about 4-5 minutes.
Remove from the heat and pour through the mesh strainer into the bowl with the cream mixture. Stir in the vanilla. Place the bowl in the prepared ice bath to chill, being careful not to allow any water from the ice bath to get into the cream mixture.
Once the custard has cooled in the ice bath, remove the bowl from the ice water and cover with plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the custard. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the custard as it cools.) Refrigerate overnight.
Churn the ice cream in an 


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, mix flour, quick oats, baking soda, cream of tartar, cinnamon and salt to combine.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, combine butter and both sugars and beat until fluffy. Add egg and vanilla and mix again.
With mixer running, slowly add dry to wet to form a thick dough. Mix just to combine. (Can also be done by hand with a wooden spoon).
Divide dough into 30 balls rolling by hand.
Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Combine sugar and cinnamon in a medium bowl and roll each dough ball in sugar mixture then onto cookie sheets (15 per tray). Flatten just slightly leaving them thick.
Bake 8-9 minutes or until edges are firm and tops are golden.
Slide parchment onto cooling racks and after two minutes, use a spatula to remove from parchment then back onto racks to cool further. (The cookies come out puffy then deflate a bit as they cool.)


The pastry dough takes just as long as the filling because it needs to sit and chill so start that first. If following this recipe, start that now. If using store bought, skip this step.
Place flour and salt in a medium to large bowl and place in refrigerator to chill, at least 15 minutes.
Use a cheese grater on large holes and grate 1 stick plus 5 tablespoons of butter into the flour, tossing and coating as you go. Reserve the remaining 3 tablespoons butter but melt it either in microwave on stove. Set this aside.
Add five tablespoons of ice water to flour mixture and mix in with your hands. If dough is dry and will not hold together, add remaining water.
Press into a disc, wrap in plastic and refrigerate.
After 30 minutes, roll it on a floured surface to about 8x16-inches and brush top with one tablespoon of melted butter. Fold dough the long way in thirds; fold one long edge two thirds over, and fold the last third over that. Fold in half like a wallet and re-wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Do this again two more times until all of the 3 tablespoons of butter is used. Refrigerate for at least 30 more minutes wrapped.
While dough is chilling the first time, start the filling.
Mix the flour, salt and pepper in a large bowl and add beef cubes. Toss and coat and shake off excess but do not discard remaining flour. You should have about ½ cup after coating the beef. Set this flour aside for later.
In a large 6 quart Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pan, add half the oil and 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium high heat.
Place beef in a little at a time cooking in batches. Do not let the pieces touch.
Sear on each side for 2-3 minutes. Repeat for remaining beef. (As I took out a cooked piece, I replaced it with a new one so I always had the pan filled). About half way through, add the remaining oil and 2 more tablespoons of butter.
As soon as the last piece of beef comes out, put onions and mushrooms into the hot pan and stir with a wooden spoon. Cook stirring often for 2 minutes. Add garlic and cook 1 minute.
Add beer and scrape the bottom to loosen up any brown bits.
Add beef back in, espresso and stock and bring to a boil. Partially cover and lower to a simmer and cook for 2½ hours, stirring occasionally. It may thicken slightly and may stick towards the end, so check for the last 30 minutes. Also recommend using a heat diffuser for last hour of cooking.
Make a roux with the reserved half cup of flour and the remaining 4 tablespoons of butter by melting the butter in a small sauce pan over medium heat and adding flour. Stir with a wooden spoon and cook for 3 minutes, then remove from heat and set aside for later.
After the 2 ½ hours, add carrots and beans and raise the heat. Once simmering, time it 10 minutes then add parsnips and potatoes. Bring back to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Line sheet pan(s) with foil and place on lower oven rack to catch drips and overfill. Place second oven rack just above the foil lined pans.
With mixture on a low simmer, stir in some or all of the reserved roux (butter and flour mixture) until the filling is thick to your liking. I added almost all of the roux.
Stir in the bittersweet chocolate.
Stir in Worcestershire sauce and taste.
Add salt and pepper if needed. (I added a little more.)
Pour mixture into individual casserole dishes or one large casserole dish. The filling makes about 6 quarts.
On a floured surface, roll dough to about 12X18. Cut out dough to fit your casserole dish(s) size and place over top of filling.
Beat egg with water and brush top of puff pastry. Make a hole in center about one half inch round to vent steam.
Sprinkle Demerara sugar over top of dough and bake on top rack for 25-35 minutes until puffed and golden.
Serve immediately.


Mix all ingredients together in a small bowl and allow to sit for at least an hour at room temperature to allow the flavors to meld.
Spoon into in small saucers or shallow bowls.
Serve with slices of warm 


Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.
In a large bowl, sift together flour, cornmeal and baking powder. Stir in Parmesan, walnuts, pepper, rosemary, thyme and garlic powder, mixing until well blended.
Whisk together eggs, sugar & olive oil until well combined. Stir wet ingredients into dry ingredients to form a dough. Put on a lightly floured surface and shape into two logs (approximately 10” x 3”). Transfer to baking sheet & press slightly to flatten logs.
Bake 20-25 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool on the baking sheet for 13-15 minutes.
Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees. Carefully transfer logs to a cutting board. Using a serrated knife, slice each log crosswise, on a slight diagonal, into ½-inch slices. Return slices to the baking sheet, laying them on their sides in a single layer.
Bake for 10-12 minutes. Remove from the oven and carefully flip each slice over. Bake for 10-12 additional minutes. Cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheet before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.




In a large pot with a tight fitting lid, place onions, SPLENDA® Brown Sugar Blend, balsamic vinegar, butter, ginger, salt, coriander and pepper. Cover and bring to hot, then reduce heat to low. Cook covered over low heat for one hour. Remove lid and cook over low for two more hours or until onions are tender and liquid has evaporated.
If onions cook before liquid evaporates, drain and discard liquid. Cool onions to room temperature.
While onions are cooking, place olive oil, shallots, thyme and parsley in a small sauté pan and cook over medium low for about five minutes or until shallots are soft. Remove to a small bowl and add goat cheese and stir to combine. Set aside.
Heat a ribbed grill pan, brush the bread slices with oil and grill just to reveal nice grill marks.
Spread the cheese evenly between the slices. Then spread the onions mixture over the cheese, dividing evenly.
Finally top with sun dried tomato slices and garnish with the arugula before serving.


If you are making the dipping sauce, mix the Dipping Sauce ingredients together (see listed above) and combine until well mixed. Refrigerate until needed.
Trim both ends off of each onion and make a thin slit in the skin and peel. Cut each onion into thick slices at least a half inch. Separate the rings and place on a platter.
Place the oil in a large wok or cast iron pan and with a candy thermometer, get oil to 375 degrees F and hold at that temperature. As you begin cooking, try to maintain at least 350 degrees F so keep the heat on high as you fry and let the oil recover between batches.
In a large bowl mix all dry ingredients.
In another large bowl, mix all of the egg wash ingredients.
Dredge all of the onion rings in the flour mixture and shake off excess.
After shaking off excess, dip in egg wash, drain then finally back into the flour mixture. Shake excess and place on a platter.
Fry in the hot oil in three batches for two to three minutes and using a spider or strainer, remove to a platter lined with paper towels. Lightly salt the hot rings with table salt if desired as soon as they come out of the oil.
These onions rings are delicious as-is, with ketchup, or served with the dipping sauce.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper.
Sift together the flour and baking powder in a medium-sized bowl.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the sugar and butter together until combined.
Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until light and fluffy.
Add in the almonds and orange zest, mixing until well combined.
Add the flour mixture in slowly, mixing until fully combined.
Divide the dough into two sections and shape each section into a slightly flat log about 9 inches long and 4-1/2 inches wide on each baking sheet. (Note: This size log will give you long biscotti. If you’d prefer shorter biscotti, you may form the dough into three narrower logs and adjust the cooking time per the directions below.)
Bake the logs for 15-18 minutes at 350 degrees until very lightly browned and the center is cooked. (If you are baking 3 logs instead of 2, reduce your cooking time to 12-15 minutes.)
Allow the logs to cool slightly.
Using a serrated knife cut the baked dough diagonally into 1 inch wide slices. On the same parchment lined baking sheet, place each slice on its side so that one of the cut sides is facing up and bake again for 10 minutes.




If serving over rice, begin cooking the rice now.
In a small bowl, mix marmalade, orange juice, soy sauce, vinegar, five spice powder and corn starch. Mix to incorporate and set aside.
Salt and pepper the chicken.
In a large sauté pan over high heat, place two teaspoons vegetable oil and two teaspoons sesame oil. Once pan is smoking hot, add chicken tenders trying not to crowd. Brown on both sides about 4 minutes total. Remove to a plate and set aside. It is OK if still a bit pink in center. They will cook in their own heat while you prepare the rest of the dish.
Keep the pan on high and add the remainder of both oils and add onion and carrots. Sauté for two minutes then add broccoli and garlic. Sauté for one minute and add stock. Scrape up brown bits from bottom. Reduce heat to medium and cook to evaporate chicken stock. By then the vegetables should be tender.
While vegetables are cooking, cut cooked chicken tenders into quarters.
Add cut up chicken and any liquid that has accumulated on the plate into the pan.
Stir the sauce again and add to the pan. Cook just until the chicken is heated and the sauce is thick and hot.
Serve over rice if desired.


Using a very sharp knife, or kitchen shears, remove backbone (
Add carrots, quartered orange, onions, celery, beer, stock, parsley, peppercorns, bay leaves, salt and garlic.
Cover with water to a few inches above solids and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 90 minutes, adding more water as needed. After 90 minutes pour entire mixture in bottom of roasting pan and place an inverted V-Shaped rack over the stock and solids.
Remove chicken from refrigeration and preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Run your fingers between skin and the meat of the chicken to loosen skin but keep it attached at edges.
Slice both ends off the orange and slice the remainder into thin slices.
Slide the orange slices between the skin and the meat on the breasts and thighs.
Combine all of the herbs and spices in a small bowl. Set aside.
Brush the butter all over the skin then sprinkle the herbs and spices over that.
Roast uncovered for 90 minutes until browned and meat starts to pull away from the bone. Check pan bottom every 30 minutes and add water to keep from drying out. At the end, you should be left with two cups.
Remove chicken to a platter and don’t carve for 15 minutes.
While chicken is resting, strain stock and discard solids.
Remove the fat that floats to the top and discard. The remaining stock will be served with the chicken but in keeping with the Whole 30 plan, will not be thickened with any flour.
Slice the chicken and serve with the sauce. The orange skin that was cooked under the chicken skin can be eaten or discarded, your choice.


Preheat the oven to 325 degrees and set your oven rack to the middle position. Grease and flour a fancy bundt springform 
In a bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a standmixer, cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.
Alternate adding the flour mixture and the milk to the creamed mixture, mixing well after each addition.
Fold in the poppy seeds, vanilla and orange zest and mix just until evenly combined.
Pour the batter into your prepared pan.
Bake for 50 to 60 minutes or until the edges of the cake shrink slightly away from the sides of the pan and a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Allow the cake to cool in the pan for about 30 minutes and then turn out onto a cake rack or plate to cool.
Prepare the glaze by mixing the orange juice and sugar together until the sugar dissolves.
Using a toothpick or cake tester, prick holes throughout the top of the cake and slowly spoon or brush the glaze over the cake, allowing the glaze to seep into the cake.
Slice to serve.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together into a bowl and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, place the sugar and softened butter and beat on high until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes.
Add the first egg to the mixing bowl and mix well. Then add the second egg, and again mix well.
Add the ricotta, vaniila and orange zest and mix to combine.
Add the flour mixture and mix on low until all ingredients are just combined – being careful not to over mix.
Using a small scoop or tablespoon drop the dough onto the baking sheets about two inches apart.
Bake cookies for 20 to 22 minutes, until the cookies are puffed and light golden. (If you are baking both cookie sheets at the same time in the oven, rotate halfway through the baking time.) Remove from the oven and cool completely on wire racks before glazing.
When ready to glaze, in a small, wide bowl, whisk together the powdered sugar, orange juice and orange zest and mix into a smooth glaze. Add more powdered sugar if needed to make the glaze thick enough to coat the cookies when dipped.
Holding the cookies with your fingers, dip the top of the cookies in the glaze and then immediately turn back over and place on a wire rack to dry.
Allow cookies to dry for about 2 hours until completely set before storing.


Heat one half cup of water with one half cup sugar just long enough to dissolve sugar into water. Remove from heat and add cranberries. Stir to coat.
Place a rack with small holes over sheet pan and with a slotted spoon, scoop out berries and set on rack in single layer. Discard water. Let them sit for one hour at room temperature.
While the berries are drying, add orange zest to remaining one cup of sugar and blend in a small food processor until completely combined. The sugar will turn slightly orange. Pour this into a pie plate or bowl.
Take handfuls of the now sticky berries and dredge in orange sugar to combine and transfer to a parchment lined pan.
Let coated cranberries sit for one hour before eating or using to top your favorite desert. Discard any leftover sugar.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, beat shortening and sugar together until well mixed. Add zucchini, zest, extract and egg and beat just until combined.
In a separate bowl, sift flour, salt and baking powder and mix into wet and beat on low speed just until mixture is blended.
Remove bowl from mixer and stir in chopped nuts by hand.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Lay out three sheet pans and cover with parchment paper
Using a number 40 cookie scoop or by spoonful’s, drop cookies onto prepared pans, ten per pan, total 30 cookies.
With wet fingertips, press each cookie down slightly to form a disk and sprinkle the raw sugar over the tops of each cookie.
Bake for 12-14 minutes until done. Bottoms should be slightly brown and the tops will be light in color and slightly springy when touched.
Cool on racks.


In a medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a boil. Add orzo to the broth and cook until al dente – approximately 10 minutes. (Add more chicken stock to the saucepan if necessary if the pasta absorbs all of the liquid during the cooking process.)
While the pasta is cooking, heat the olive in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add quartered mushrooms and sauté, stirring frequently, until just slightly tender. Add marjoram and scallions to the skillet and cook, stirring for about 1 minute.
Drain the orzo in a colander that has been placed in a large bowl – you want to collect any remaining chicken broth leftover from the cooking process to use for the sauce.
Add the cooked orzo to the skillet with the mushroom mixture, along with ¼ to ⅓ cup of the reserved chicken stock from cooking the pasta. Over high heat, simmer until most of the liquid is evaporated. Remove from heat. Season with salt and grated parmesan – toss to combine and serve immediately.


















Place all brine ingredients except ice in a medium pan and bring to a boil. Lower to a medium boil and cook five minutes. Remove from heat and add ice and stir.
While brine is cooling, skin chicken pieces and discard skin. If brine is at room temperature, place chicken pieces and brine together in container or zip lock bag and brine overnight in the refrigerator (at least 12 hours).
Remove chicken from brine and discard brine. Place chicken in buttermilk and let sit at room temperature for one hour.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees and spray a baking sheet with non-stick spray.
Mix crushed corn flakes, rosemary, flour, salt and pepper and pour into a pie plate or bowl. Remove chicken from buttermilk and dredge in cornflake mixture, coating completely.
Place chicken pieces on prepared pan and drizzle canola oil over pieces.
Bake for 30 minutes, turn chicken and bake for another 15-20 minutes until done.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Clean and trim Brussels sprouts and cutting any very large heads in half through the core. (It's fine if some of the outer leaves fall off – just bake those along with the rest of the sprouts. They get extra crispy and are delicious!)
Place the Brussels sprouts in a large bowl and drizzle with olive oil, tossing to evenly coat.
Pour the Brussels sprouts onto a large sheet pan (you want them to be in a single layer). Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Then evenly sprinkle the bacon pieces over the Brussels sprouts.
Roast in the oven for 20 to 30 minutes, turning halfway through the cooking time, until golden and lightly caramelized.
Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Clean and trim Brussels sprouts – removing any browned outer leaves and cutting off the stem. Cut any large Brussels sprouts in half.
Place the Brussels sprouts on a sheet pan and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and with your hands, toss to coat. Spread the Brussels sprouts in a single layer on the pan, then roast for 20 to 25 minutes or until tender and caramelized, but not over cooked.
While the Brussels sprouts are roasting, in a small sauce pan heat the remaining tablespoon of oil over medium heat. Add the shallots and sauté until they start to turn golden – about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the whole grain mustard, sherry, vinegar, honey and water and stir to combine and heat through, stirring until the water has evaporated. Remove from heat and set aside.
When Brussels sprouts are done roasting, remove from the oven and place in a large bowl. Pour the shallot and mustard mixture over the hot Brussels sprouts and toss to combine.
Serve immediately or at room temperature.


Preheat the oven to 400°F. Using clean hands smear the butter over the bottom of a sheet pan. Set aside.
Cut the cauliflower in half. Lay the cut side down on the cutting board and cut ½” thick slices. Transfer to a large bowl and gently toss with olive oil, salt, thyme and pepper.
Transfer all to the prepared pan and lay the pieces flat on to the surface.
Roast 12 to 15 minutes or until one side is golden brown. Using a spatula, turn the pieces over and roast an additional 5 to 8 minutes or until the other side is golden brown.
Transfer cauliflower to a serving tray, spoon Marzetti® Chunky Blue Cheese Salad Dressing over all and top with Marzetti® Sea Salt and Pepper Croutons and parsley and serve.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
On a large baking sheet, place cauliflower, garlic, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil and using your hands, toss to coat. Spread the mixture in a single layer on the baking sheet.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, turning half way through the baking time. Bake until slightly caramelized and the cauliflower is tender.
Remove from oven and toss with Parmesan cheese. Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Place ¼ cup of walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet and bake for 8-10 minutes – tossing the nuts midway through the cooking time – until slightly darkened in color. Remove from the oven and allow to cool.
While nuts are cooling, place dates and hot water in a small bowl and soak for 10 minutes.
Place dates and their soaking liquid, walnuts, cinnamon and salt in the bowl of a 
Place ice cream, ice, and the date paste into a blender. Blend until smooth.
Pour into glasses and serve immediately.


In a large sauté pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. (Be sure to select a sauté pan large enough that the tomatoes will be in a single layer as they cook.)
Add the garlic to the oil and cook for about 30 seconds – being careful not to let the garlic burn.
Add the tomatoes, basil, parsley, rosemary, thyme, salt and pepper.
Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring frequently so that all sides of the tomatoes roast evenly, until the tomatoes start to soften and lose their firmness.
Remove from the heat and sprinkle with some additional basil and parsley.
Serve immediately.


In a saucepan, combine quinoa and chicken stock and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to low. Simmer quinoa for about 15 minutes or until tender. Drain any excess cooking liquid (be sure to use a fine-mesh strainer so that the small quinoa grains don’t fall through). Return quinoa to the pot, cover and allow to rest.
While the quinoa rests, in a large sauté pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. (Be sure to select a sauté pan large enough that the tomatoes will be in a single layer as they cook.)
Add the garlic to the oil and cook for about 30 seconds – being careful not to let the garlic burn.
Add the tomatoes, basil, parsley, rosemary, thyme, salt and pepper.
Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring frequently so that all sides of the tomatoes roast evenly, until the tomatoes start to soften and lose their firmness.
Remove from the heat. Add cooked and rested quinoa to the sauté pan with the tomatoes and toss together. Add salt and pepper to taste, if desired.
Serve immediately.


In a medium bowl, mix mango, avocado, lime juice, bell pepper, onion, cilantro, garlic, orange juice, optional jalapeno, salt and pepper. Leave at room temperature for one hour to meld flavors.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Liberally salt and pepper the halibut or sea bass on both sides.
In an oven proof sauté pan, heat olive oil to smoking point.
Place fish in the pan (to avoid getting splattered with hot oil, place fish in the pan so it falls in away from you).
Reduce heat to a medium high and sauté two minutes on one side without touching it. A crust will form if you don’t disturb it.
With a long fish spatula, gently flip to brown the other side. Brown two minutes on the second side.
Then place the pan in the oven and heat two to five minutes or until fish is done. Push down on the fish; if it springs back or flakes apart, it is done. Do not over cook.
To serve, place fish portion on a serving plate and spoon fresh salsa over the top.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, sift both flours, salt and yeast. Add ¾ cup of water.
Mix on low speed until mixture comes together. If too dry, add additional 2 tablespoons of water a little at a time until mixture is sticky and pulling away from sides of bowl. If more water is needed, add one tablespoon at a time.
Trade the paddle for a dough hook and mix the dough for four minutes or kneed by hand for six minutes on the counter.
Transfer the dough to a bowl with a little bit of olive oil, turning dough so it is covered on all sides.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and a dish towel and place in a warm location for about 90 minutes or until the dough rises to 1½ times its original size.
Lightly punch the dough down and then cover. Place in the refrigerator overnight. This pre-dough can be kept in the refrigerator for up to three days or freeze for three months.
The next day and one hour before starting the bread dough, take Pate Fermentee out of the refrigerator and cut into 10 individuals pieces. Cover with plastic and a towel and let the dough warm up for one hour.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, sift together both flours, salt and yeast. Add in olive oil, honey, Pate Fermentee pieces and 1 ¼ cups of water. Mix on low speed until mixture comes together and is tacky and sticks to the sides of the bowl. Add remaining ¼ cup of water a teaspoon at a time if needed and only if needed. Dough should be sticky not dry.
Switch the paddle attachment for a dough hook and turn on low speed. Continue at low speed for 4-6 minutes until know is properly kneaded, or kneed by hand for 6-8 minutes. If you pull out a piece and stretch it between your hands, it should stay together and you should be able to see light through the stretched dough. If it tears, continue to kneed.
Transfer the dough to a bowl with a little bit of olive oil turning the dough so it is covered on all sides.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and a dish towel and place in a warm place for about two hours or until the dough doubles from its original size.
Gently divide the dough into three equal pieces and roll out into three two foot long rolls trying not to degas the dough too much. Press a crease down the center of each roll and fold over and seal as if you were sealing and envelope ending with seam side down. If dough is not pliable enough, let rest for five minutes then continue. You want the dough to stretch and stay stretched and not bounce back or pull back.
Roll each end around pin wheel style towards the center. Each end should roll in the opposite direction of the other end so it forms the letter S. Do not roll too tight, the S loop on each end should be just one 360 degree turn.
Sprinkle two sheet pans with a little semolina flour and place two loaves of dough on one pan and the third in the center of the other pan. Leave enough room for the bread to double in size.
Mist the top of each dough with water and sprinkle sesame seeds over.
Spray the tops with pan spray so plastic wrap does not stick.
Stick a tooth pick or two into each dough and cover pan with plastic wrap.
Place pans in the refrigerator overnight.
Remove the three pans from the refrigerator and bring up to room temperature (a few hours) The dough should be twice the size as the day before and when poked, should not spring back.
Place the oven rack in the middle of the oven and place a shallow roasting pan or a cast iron pan in the bottom of the oven. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees.
Fill a teapot with water and bring to a boil. Fill a water mister with water.
Once the oven is hot and the water is hot, uncover the dough and remove the tooth picks.
Working quickly, place the bread dough onto the middle rack and pour a cup of hot water into the pan at the bottom of the oven and close the door. After 30 seconds, spray the oven walls with the mister and close the door. Repeat twice more at 30 second intervals.
After the final spray, lower the oven temperature to 450 and bake for 15 minutes. Rotate the pan 180 degrees. At this point, if the loaves are touching, separate them slightly.
Bake for another 10-15 minutes more until the loaves are rich and golden brown all over. If there are still white parts, extend the baking time a few extra minutes. Internal bread temp should be between 200 and 205 degrees using a probe thermometer.
Remove the pans and transfer the bread to a cooling rack and cool for 45 minutes.
Note: If you have the standard home oven, bake the two pans separately to make sure the heat and moisture are dispersed properly. If you have a larger oven, bake both pans together. All of the steps in this very long recipe are absolutely necessary for a superior finished product. Spray a fine mist of non-stick cooking spray (such as Pam) to give the loaves a fine sheen.


In a medium bowl, mix the diced dried fruit, orange juice and rum and stir to combine. Heat the bowl of fruit in the microwave on high until steaming hot. Stir again and let sit for 5 minutes. Then pour the fruit and juice/rum mixture out onto a plate and allow the fruit to cool to room temperature.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Line a 12-muffin tin with paper liners and spray each cup with non-stick cooking spray.
In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder, and salt and whisk to combine. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the butter, vegetable oil and sugar and beat until smooth. Add the eggs – one at a time – mixing after each addition.
Stir in the fiori di sicilia and vanilla extracts.
Alternately add the dry ingredients and the milk to the butter mixture, mixing after each addition and beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Stir until thoroughly combined.
Stir in the fruit and any remaining liquid, stirring again until evenly mixed.
Spoon the batter into the prepared pan, dividing the batter evenly among the 12 muffin cups. Sprinkle the tops of the batter with the coarse sugar.
Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until a tooth pick inserted into the middle of one of the center muffins comes out cleanly. (They will be a pale golden color.)
Remove from the oven. As soon as they are cool enough to handle, transfer the muffins to a rack to cool completely.


In a small bowl, add 3 tablespoons cold water. Sprinkle the gelatin powder on the water, and stir to combine. Let sit for 10 minutes to allow the gelatin to fully dissolve.
In the meantime, in a medium bowl, whisk together half (1½ cups) of the heavy cream, the yogurt and the vanilla extract – mixing well to combine. Remove the seeds from the vanilla bean (cut the bean lengthwise with a sharp knife and then use the tip of the knife to scrape the seeds out of the bean); add vanilla seeds to the cream mixture.
In a small pan, heat the other 1½ cups of heavy cream and the sugar over medium heat. When the mixture comes to a simmer, remove from the heat and stir in the dissolved gelatin. Stir until completely dissolved. Add the hot cream-gelatin mixture to the cold cream mixture and mix well.
Pour the mixture into ramekins or custard cups (or a single, wide flat bowl will also work if you do not have ramekins) and chill until cold. Once the panna cottas are completely chilled, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight (or at least another 6 hours).
Approximately half an hour before serving the panna cotta, in a bowl, combine the sliced strawberries, balsamic vinegar, sugar and black pepper. Let the mixture sit at room temperature to allow the flavors to combine.
To serve the panna cotta, run the tip of a sharp knife around the custard in the ramekin and dip the bottom in a shallow pan of hot water to loosen the custard from the bottom of the dish. Place a dessert plate tightly over the ramekin and carefully invert the dessert so that the custard comes out of the ramekin. (Shake the ramekin gently if necessary to get the panna cotta out.)
Serve each panna cotta with the balsamic strawberries and a sprinkling of grated lemon zest on top.


In a very large skillet, heat the olive oil and then add the bread cubes. Sprinkle with salt and cook over medium heat, tossing frequently, until the bread is toasted and golden brown (about 7-10 minutes.) Remove from the heat and set aside.
In a small bowl, add all of the ingredients for the vinaigrette and whisk together until well blended.
About 30 minutes before serving, in a large salad bowl, combine the tomatoes, cucumber slices, red and yellow peppers, onion, basil and capers.
Add the bread cubes and vinaigrette and toss to coat.
Allow the bread to sit for 30 minutes before serving for the best flavor.


In a medium to large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, slowly bring up the oil to a medium heat and add the garlic. Sauté for just one minute and add the tomatoes, basil and pepper. Cook for five minutes over a medium heat then add the salt.
Add the brodo, bring up to hot and cook just a few minutes longer. Add the bread, stir and cover. Cook ten minutes covered over very low heat.
Remove the soup from the heat and serve immediately with olive oil drizzled over each bowl along with freshly grated Parmesano Reggiano.


Pound or butterfly the chicken breasts until they are an even thickness (1/4-inch thickness works best).
Set up three dinner plates or shallow bowls for the coating breading process. On the first, combine flour, salt and pepper together. On the second, beat the eggs and water. On the third, combine the bread crumbs and parmesan cheese.
Coat the chicken breasts on both sides in the flour mixture. Then dip the chicken (both sides again) in the egg mixture. Finally, dredge both sides of the chicken in the breadcrumb mixture until completely coated.
In a frying pan, over medium-high heat, melt one tablespoon of butter and one tablespoon of olive oil and cook 2 of the chicken breasts on medium heat until cooked through (2-3 minutes on each side for a thinly pounded breast; 3-4 minutes on each side if you've left the breasts thicker.) Cook the remaining breasts using the remaining butter and olive oil.
Squeeze lemon juice over the cutlets before serving if desired.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Mix bread crumbs with Parmesan cheese in a medium bowl.
Dip chicken cubes in melted butter then bread crumb mixture. Place on sheet tray lined with parchment paper or use cooking spray.
Bake for 15 minutes. If not browned enough, place under the broiler just long enough to brown.
Serve with 


In a medium skillet or sauté pan, melt ½ tablespoon of butter over medium heat just to coat the pan and place in pancetta. Cook over medium until just starting to get crisp, about 3-4 minutes.
Add remaining butter and shallots with salt and pepper and sauté until tender, about 2-3 minutes.
Add cream and deglaze the pan, scraping any bits from the bottom. Cook for one minute then add peas.
Cook just until hot, remove from heat and stir in Parmesan cheese and fresh basil.
Serve immediately.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, place yeast, honey and ⅓ cup of the warm milk, stir and let sit until foamy, about 5 minutes.
In a separate bowl, mix 2 ½ cups flour, Parmesan, and salt together. Add this to the yeast mixture along with the other ⅓ cup of warm milk and beat on low to combine. Add two eggs, one at a time, beating well as each egg is added. Scrape down bowl and beat on medium for three minutes.
Turn mixer to low and add butter, one tablespoon at a time until finished dough is formed. Dough will be elastic and very sticky. Scrape dough down into a ball and sprinkle 2 tablespoons of flour over top. Cover with plastic and then with a dish towel and let sit in a draft free warm place for 1 ½ to 2 hours.
Punch down dough but do not knead. Pour out onto your floured counter and roll into a log. Cut the log into 12 even pieces and roll each piece into a ball using a circular motion with the palm of your hand.
Butter a 9” round cake pan and place rolls in pan spacing evenly. Cover with a dish towel and place back in warm draft free place for another 1 to 1 ½ hours. Rolls should be puffed up and fill the pan.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees and place rack in center.
Beat the last egg with the water and brush over tops of rolls. Discard unused egg wash. Bake rolls for 20-25 minutes until browned.
Loosen edges if necessary with a knife and flip out onto a rack. Then flip back over so they cool upright. Cool for 20 minutes. Best eaten right away, or bring to your barber to brighten her day.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Leave the skin on the potatoes. Cut each potato in half the long way, then each half in half the long way. Now take each quarter and cut into three wedges so when you are done, you will have 12 wedges per potato. Don’t worry if you get less, as long as they are uniform in size.
In a bowl toss the cut potatoes with the olive oil, salt and pepper. Lay out flat on a sheet pan and roast for 15 minutes. Turn each wedge over and roast for about another 15 minutes or until browned and tender.
Remove hot fries from sheet pan and place in a large bowl and toss with truffle oil, chopped parsley and grated Parmesan.


Snap off a few inches of the bottom, woody ends of the stalks and place the asparagus in a gallon zipper seal bag.
In a small food processor (
Heat grill to medium
In a pie plate or dinner plate, pour out Parmesan cheese. Pick one asparagus at a time out of the marinade and roll in the cheese, pressing the cheese to stick. Then roll in a slice of prosciutto. Roll on a slight angle so the single slice wraps from one end to the other with the end and tip poking out. Repeat for all of the asparagus.
Place on grill seam side down and grill 5-10 minutes turning slightly every few minutes until golden brown and cooked (but still a bit crisp so try not to overcook).
Serve immediately.


In a large skillet over medium high, place butter and oil to melt.
Add celery root, parsnips, potato and salt. Cook stirring often to slightly brown and cook vegetables, about 15 minutes.
Reduce to medium, add leeks and cook for five more minutes.
Add whole thyme, pepper and stock and cover. Simmer covered for about 15 minutes or until tender.
Heat cream to hot but not scorched.
Remove and discard thyme bundle. In a large bowl, place contents of pan and add hot cream a little at a time and puree using an emersion blender until creamy. Only use all cream if needed. Adjust seasoning if needed. Serve hot.


Drain oil from anchovy or sardine can into a large sauté pan. Add olive oil and heat over medium heat.
Add leeks, fennel, garlic and chili flakes and cook for five minutes.
Add anchovies or sardines and cook to break up fish into mixture.
Add vermouth and cook for one minute.
Add lemon juice and tomatoes and lower to a simmer. Cook just until vegetables are tender, about five minutes. Remove from heat.
While vegetables are cooking, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook pasta to just slightly under cooked. It should still have a bite to it.
While pasta is cooking, place bread crumbs and pine nuts into a small dry sauté pan and over medium heat, cook for about five minutes or more until bread crumbs are nicely toasted. Remove to a bowl and stir in lemon zest and Parmesan. Set aside.
Once pasta is ready, ladle out one cup of pasta water into the pan with the vegetables and return to medium high heat. Once bubbly, add cooked drained pasta and cook until pasta is tender.
Add half of the toasted bread crumbs to the mixture. This will get absorbed by the liquid in the pan and coat the pasta.
Pour into bowls and top with the remaining toasted bread crumb mixture and garnish with fennel fronds.


Bring well-salted pasta water to boil and pour in dry pasta. Cook to about two minutes less than done. The pasta should still be chewy.
In a large skillet or sauté pan over medium heat, add two tablespoons of olive oil and once hot add onions and peppers. Sauté for eight minutes.
Add two more tablespoons of oil and add garlic and drained tuna and cook for two minutes, being careful not to break up the chunks of tuna too much.
Add two more tablespoons of oil and add tomatoes, parsley, salt and pepper and cook for two minutes.
Using a spider or strainer, scoop out pasta and add to skillet. Add one quarter cup of pasta water and cook over medium heat until pasta is fully cooked, adding more pasta water only if needed.
Stir in Romano cheese and chopped fresh basil and serve. Sprinkle additional Romano on top before serving and serve additional Romano on the side.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream butter then add both sugars and salt. Cream until fluffy, about two minutes.
With mixer on low, add the eggs and egg yolks one at a time until mixed.
Add vanilla and zest and mix again.
With mixer on low, add each cup of flour until combined.
Remove from bowl and knead by hand for about a minute.
Refrigerate dough wrapped in plastic for up to three days or at least for two hours.
For this recipe (18-24 cookies), remove dough, cut in half and refrigerate other half for another recipe 
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
On lightly floured surface, flatten and work dough so that it becomes soft and pliable but not warm.
Roll into a log and either cut into 18 or 24 pieces depending on how large you want the cookies. For 18, cut log in half. Cut each half in thirds and each third in thirds. For 24, cut log in half, each half in half, each quarter in half, then each piece in thirds. An 18 count cookie will be about 2-2½ inches.
Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper
Roll each dough piece into a ball then press down with the palm of your hand. With your thumb, make an indentation into the center of each then lay out on the sheet pans.
With a teaspoon, fill each indentation with 
Bake for 12-15 minutes (depending on the size) until lightly golden.
Remove to a cooling rack.
Once cool, dust with powdered sugar.


Cook pasta according to directions.
While the pasta is cooking, in a small dry sauté pan, over medium heat, toast the pine nuts until very lightly brown. Remove from the heat and let cool.
In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion and garlic and sauté for about 2 minutes, stirring constantly.
Add the sausage to the onion mixture, crumbling the meat into bite-sized pieces. Continue to cook on medium to medium-high heat, stirring frequently and allowing the sausage to completely cook and brown up, and the onions to caramelize.
Add the thyme and the grapes and sauté for 5-7 minutes until the grapes begin to roast in the pan and soften.
When the pasta is cooked, drain well and add to the skillet with the sausage-grape mixture.
Add the gorgonzola and pinenuts. Stir until the cheese has completely melted and coated the pasta.
Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a large bowl place garlic, carrots, both types of squash, both types of peppers, onions, oil, 1 tablespoon basil, oregano, salt, pepper and red pepper flakes. Toss to coat and place on sheet pan and roast for ten minutes. Flip vegetables and roast for another ten.
While vegetables are roasting, cook pasta according to package directions, drain and hold.
In a small pan, heat stock to boil and place broccoli in stock. Blanch for 1 ½ minutes. Remove broccoli and set aside.
Mix corn starch in a little water to make a slurry and add to hot stock. Stir and set aside.
In a large bowl, place olives, tomatoes and parsley. Add roasted vegetables, cooked pasta and thickened chicken stock and toss gently to combine. Add Parmesan cheese and second tablespoon of fresh basil, toss.
Serve with additional grated Parmesan and drizzled olive oil over each portion.


If using fresh garden tomatoes, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Then remove core and cut an X into the opposite end of each tomato. Have an ice bath standing by. When the water boils place half the tomatoes in the water and leave in just until the skins start to peel back (less than a minute). With a spider or strainer, remove to ice bath and place second half of tomatoes into water and repeat process.
Have a bowl with a strainer on your counter and another bowl next to it.
Remove tomatoes from ice bath to a platter and one at a time, remove skin and place skin in strainer over the bowl. Then cut tomato in half horizontally and scoop seeds out into strainer. Take the tomato meat and place in the second bowl. Repeat for all tomatoes.
Once done, press the skin and seeds in the strainer and let the squeezed juice fall into the bowl below. Discard the seeds and skin and add the juice to the bowl with the tomato meat. This should be about six cups.
In a medium to large pot, add olive oil, onions, garlic, basil, oregano, parsley and pepper flakes and bring up to medium heat. Sauté this mixture for five minutes on medium heat.
Add crushed black pepper, salt and tomatoes and bring to a medium simmer. Simmer uncovered for one hour stirring occasionally.
Bring a pot of water to a boil while working on next step.
After the hour, add the marinade from the artichokes to the sauce but not the artichokes themselves yet. Cook 15 minutes more at a slow simmer, stirring occasionally.
Add pasta to pot of boiling water while preparing next step.
Add the artichokes to sauce and cook for another 10 minutes.
Drain pasta.
Add Romano cheese to sauce. Add cooked pasta to sauce and cook for just a few minutes to meld flavors. Alternatively, you could serve the sauce separate from the pasta or just ladle the sauce over each portion of pasta.
Serve with additional Romano cheese.


Cook pasta according to package directions.
While pasta is cooking, in a medium saucepan, heat the 
Add the arugula and simmer for about two minutes (if using baby arugula, you’ll only need to cook for about 1 minute.)
Remove the sauce from the heat and stir in the cream. Add salt and pepper as needed.
Drain pasta well. Spoon the arugula cream sauce over the pasta, toss to coat, and serve immediately.


Place a medium to large pot of water on for the pasta. Cook pasta according to the package directions but make it still a little bit chewy so it can cook further in the sauce. Do not drain water.
Heat milk in microwave until hot but not scalded.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat, melt butter and add flour. Lower heat to medium low and cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, for four or five minutes or until the raw flour smell is gone.
Add hot milk one third at a time using a whisk to incorporate. Once all the milk is in, add nutmeg, dry mustard, salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce and all of the pesto. Heat the mixture to medium and using a strainer or spider, place pasta into sauce along with ½ cup of pasta water and heat. If mixture is too thick, add more pasta water. If too thin, cook until the pasta absorbs some liquid.
Once the dish is the perfect consistency, serve with grated Parmesan cheese over each portion.


In a large sauté pan or skillet with high sides, heat oil over medium to medium high heat and add onions and leeks. Cook stirring occasionally for eight minutes adjusting heat so that leeks don’t brown. Add peppers, salt, pepper and thyme and stir. Lower heat and cook covered for five minutes. Add ¼ cup of water and cook covered for five more minutes. Add another ¼ cup of water and cook covered for another five minutes. If peppers are soft, remove from heat or cook for five more minutes if needed until peppers are fully cooked.
Using a blender or an 
Cook pasta according to package directions until slightly less than done. (Reserve pasta water, do not drain).
Place pasta in with sauce and cook over medium heat adding small ladles of pasta water until pasta is fully cooked and sauce is the proper constancy. Remove from heat and mix in Parmesan cheese.
Serve with additional grated Parmesan cheese over each portion.


Cut the 
Cut the 
Bring enough water to a boil to cook the pasta. When the water is boiling, pour in the pasta and cook according to package directions.
While pasta is cooking, in a large sauté pan, heat olive oil over medium heat.
Add whole garlic cloves to oil and sauté until all sides are golden and the garlic is soft on the inside. (About 4-5 minutes). Reduce heat if garlic is browning too quickly.
Turn heat in pan up to medium high and add in whole tomatoes (be careful of splattering if the tomatoes are wet) and gently sauté the tomatoes in the oil until they start to lose their shape and the skins burst.
Remove pan from the heat. Using a potato masher or large fork, mash each tomato and garlic clove into the olive oil. This will give you a very rustic sauce with pieces of tomato and garlic in the oil. (Alternately, you can pour the mixture into the deep sided bowl and blend with an immersion blender for a smoother, more emulsified sauce.)
Drain cooked pasta and add it into the sauce along with the asparagus, chicken, fresh basil and Parmesan cheese. Toss well to combine. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.
Serve pasta with additional grated Parmesan.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
Butter a large casserole dish and set aside.
In a very large bowl, place bread cubes.
In a sauté pan, melt butter over medium high heat and add onions, celery, carrots and parsley, Sauté for 4-5 minutes until onions are translucent.
Add mushrooms and cook for 4-5 more minutes until tender.
Pour this mixture over the bread cubes and toss.
Place all remaining ingredients over bread cubes and toss.
Pour into prepared baking dish and cover with parchment and foil.
Bake covered for 40 minutes. Remove parchment and foil and bake uncovered for 20 more minutes.
Remove to serving bowl and serve.


Peel and pit the peaches, then puree in a food processor. You’ll want a total of 8 cups (2 quarts) of peach puree.
Pour puree into a large, heavy bottomed pot and add sugar. Over medium heat, bring peach mixture to a boil, stirring frequently to prevent sticking and scorching. Boil until the mixture is thickened and reduced by about one third (again, stirring to prevent sticking and scorching) – for us this took about 20-25 minutes.
Remove the thickened puree from the heat and stir in the spices, mixing evenly.
If canning, pour into clean, sterilized canning jars and process for 10 minutes using the water bath canning method.
Any un-canned peach butter should be stored covered in the refrigerator for up to a week.


In the bowl of a food processor, combine the almonds and sugar and pulse until the almonds are finely ground. Scrape the sides and bottom food processor bowl before adding the next ingredients.
Add the flour and salt and pulse a few times to mix. Then add the butter and pulse repeatedly until the butter is fully blended into the flour. Add the egg yolk and vanilla and pulse again until the mixture forms into a ball of dough.
Carefully remove the blade from the bowl, then gather the dough and shape into a thick disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least one hour (or see note above for longer chilling options).
Prepare the tart for baking (this step should be done the day before serving) by first taking the dough out of the refrigerator and allowing it to come up to room temperature for about 20 minutes. Flour a flat work surface and roll the dough into a round 13-inch circle, adding more flour under and on top of the dough as you roll, if necessary to avoid sticking.
Fold the circle of dough in half and slide your hands under it, palms up. Transfer the dough to the tart pan – lining up the fold with the center diameter of the pan. Unfold the dough and gently fit it into the pan – flat on the bottom and pressing it up the sides of the pan. If the dough tears, just press it back together with your fingers.
Trim away any excess dough at the rim of the tart pan (you can use a knife or you can roll over the top of the pan with a rolling pin). Press the top edge up a bit if it was pushed down from trimming.
Cover the tart pan with plastic wrap and refrigerate for several hours or overnight before baking.
While the oven is preheating, line a baking sheet with foil and set aside.
In a mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt and evenly mix together. Stir the almonds. Using a rubber spatula, stir in the melted butter and evenly mix again. Allow the mixture to cool for a few minutes – then, using your fingertips, break the mixture into coarse crumbs.
Scatter the crumbs evenly on the prepared baking sheet.
Remove the tart shell from the refrigerator. Line the crust with a circle of parchment paper and then weigh down with the pie weights or dry beans (this step will prevent the tart shell from puffing up as it bakes).
Place the tart shell on the bottom rack in the oven and the crumb mixture on the top rack. Bake both for 10 minutes.
After 10 minutes, remove the parchment and the weights from the tart shell (careful – they will be hot!). Then move the crumbs to the bottom rack and put the tart shell in the oven on the top rack.
Bake the crumbs for 10-15 minutes more until golden brown. At the same time, bake the tart shell – for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Cool the shell and the crumb mixture completely on cooling racks.
While the shell and the crumbs are cooling, prepare the cream filling.
In a bowl, combine the peaches and the 1 tablespoon of confectioner’s sugar, stirring to mix well. If your peaches are very tart, add additional sugar as needed. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the softened cream cheese until very smooth. Add the 1¼ cups confectioner’s sugar, lemon zest, and vanilla and beat on high until light and fluffy, about 1 minute.
A few hours before serving, evenly spread half of the cream cheese mixture into the cooled tart shell. Spoon the peaches evenly over the filling. Then spread the remaining cream cheese mixture evenly over the peaches. Sprinkle the cooled almond crumb topping over the top of the filled shell – breaking apart any large crumbs that may be formed during baking with your fingers.
Serve this tart at room temperature. To serve, unmold the tart from the pan and cut into wedges.




Prepare a cookie sheet by covering it with a 
In the microwave or over a double boiler, melt the chocolate chips in a medium sized bowl.
Pour the peanuts into the melted chocolate and stir until completely coated.
Using two teaspoons, drop the mixture onto the cookie sheet in bite-size pieces.
Allow to cool completely before eating. Store in a cool place.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, combine all topping ingredients. Mix evenly until fine, moist crumbs form. Set aside.
In a large bowl, combine pear chunks, chopped ginger root, melted butter, sugar and flour. Stir to evenly coat. Pour pear mixture into a large casserole dish or 9x13-inch glass baking dish with non-stick cooking spray. Sprinkle the chopped chocolate evenly over the pear mixture. Next, sprinkle the topping evenly over the chocolate.
Bake the crisp in the preheated oven for 45 to 55 minutes, until the top is golden and the inside is hot and bubbly with an internal temperature of 165 degrees F.
Serve warm with vanilla ice cream.


To peel the onions, bring 4 quarts of water to a boil and add onions (including skin).
Bring back to a boil and boil for three minutes. Drain and immediately plunge onions into an ice water bath. Drain and cut the root end off of each onion; then pinch the other end and the onion will pop right out of their skins. Discard skins.
Place onions in a 4 quart pan along with cream, bay leaves, parsley, garlic, nutmeg, salt and pepper. Over medium low heat, cook covered for ten minutes stirring a few times during the cooking process. Mixture should be somewhat thickened.
Remove cover and add in chicken stock and simmer for five minutes or more until the mixture has thickened and onions are tender. (Note: If the mixture is not thick enough for your taste, however the onions are fully cooked, mix a tablespoon of corn starch with 2 teaspoons of water and slowly add to hot onion mixture until desired consistency is achieved. This step is only necessary if you like a thick cream sauce.)
Discard the smashed garlic and bay leaves and season with salt and pepper to taste.
Serve immediately.


In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the olive oil, then add the shallots and garlic. Sauté about 1-2 minutes or until the shallots are starting to get translucent.
Add the peas to the skillet and stirring frequently, heat through (about 5 – 7 minutes depending on the size of your peas).
Remove the skillet from the heat and add in the prosciutto, parsley, salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine.
Serve immediately.


Place all ingredients in a three or four-quart pot or pan, bring to a boil then simmer for 30 minutes or longer if you like the vegetables softer.
Cool completely and serve with tortilla chips.
Store in clean jars and keep refrigerated for 7 to 10 days. Or freeze in zipper seal bags for longer-term storage.


Boil potatoes whole in salted water until just slightly shy of done (little hard in center is fine when poked with a fork). Drain, cool and set aside.
In a medium sauté pan over medium heat melt butter in oil and add onions, garlic and jalapeno and sauté for 3-4 minutes until the onions are just starting to get soft.
In a very large bowl, shred skin-on potatoes using the large holes of a box grater.
Add cooked onion mixture and stir to combine.
Add eggs, salt, pepper, cheese and the 3 tablespoons of flour and stir to combine. Refrigerate for a few hours or overnight covered.
When ready to serve, using an ice cream scoop, scoop out into 12 individual balls and flatten into cakes about one half inch thick onto a parchment lined pan.
Pour the ¼ cup flour into a sifter and dust one side then flip with a spatula and dust the other using all of the flour.
In a large skillet or grill pan, melt butter with oil over medium heat and once hot and frothy, place six cakes into the hot fat using a spatula. Cook for three minutes and gently flip and cook the other side for three more minutes. Remove to a platter and once the pan is hot again, repeat for the remaining six, adding more butter if needed.
Serve hot with sour cream.


If using jarred roasted red peppers, coarsely chop and measure out one cup drained. Set aside.
If using fresh peppers, roast over an open flame on your range or grill until completely charred and black. Place in a sealed zip lock bag and let sit ten minutes to loosen skin. Under running water, rub off charred skin and place peppers on your cutting board. Stem and seed and coarsely chop the meat. This should yield about one cup. Set aside.
In a medium non-stick sauce pan, heat oil and cook shallots over medium heat for about five minutes or until soft. Add peppers, salt, pepper and stock and simmer until almost all of the liquid has evaporated and the peppers are cooked. If not, add a small amount of water or stock and cook further.
Using a blender or immersion blender, puree mixture until smooth. Stir in Parmesan and set aside.
Toast four English muffin halves, heat Johnsonville® Fully Cooked Breakfast Sausage Links or Patties, and cook sunny side up fried eggs so that everything is ready simultaneously.
To make the sunny side up eggs, heat a large sauté pan over medium heat and add butter. Once melted, add four eggs and place lid on pan half way through cooking and cook until whites are cooked.
To assemble, divide the sauce between the four English muffin halves (use less if you wish), then top with three sausage links each, then the Muenster and finally top with the sunny side up egg and serve while hot.


In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, combine the egg yolks and sugar. Whisk on high speed until thick and creamy. Add the mascarpone cheese and 1 tablespoon of the brewed coffee and whisk again until fully combined. Set aside.
Pour the remaining coffee into a small shallow bowl. One at a time, dip the Pepperidge Farm® Double Chocolate Milano® Cookies into the coffee for 5-10 seconds, allowing the cookie to absorb some of the coffee. Place the dipped cookies in the bottom of a small shallow baking dish or bowl filling the bottom of the dish in a single layer.
Spoon ⅓ of the mascarpone mixture over the single layer of cookies. Repeat – dipping the cookies in coffee, then laying the cookies on top of the mascarpone. Spoon another ⅓ of the mascarpone over the cookies, then finish with a final layer of coffee-dipped cookies and a top layer of the final ⅓ mascarpone.
Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours (or overnight). 5. When ready to serve, cut remaining Milano cookies into large pieces and sprinkle over the top. Serve immediately.


Place the candy canes into a gallon-size zipper seal bag and seal the bag, making sure to remove most of the air from the bag. With a rolling pin, crush the candy canes into small pieces.
Pour the crushed candy canes in a fine strainer placed over a bowl to sift out the candy cane dust.
Divide the remaining crushed candy cane pieces into the heart-shaped silicon tray. Set aside.
In the bowl of a double boiler, melt the one bag of chocolate and a ½ teaspoon of the canola oil together, stirring frequently until completely melted and very smooth.
Remove the chocolate from the heat and spoon into the heart-shaped tray, filling each cavity completely. If necessary, push the pieces of candy cane down into the melted chocolate. Using a chopstick or other straight edge, scrap the excess chocolate from the tray making sure that the chocolate is flush with the edge of the tray.
Repeat using your second type of chocolate if desired.
Allow the chocolate to set at room temperature (approximately 30–45 minutes) or place in the refrigerator if you want it to set up more quickly. Gently press the peppermint hearts out of the tray for serving.
We recommend that you store these candies in the refrigerator for best results.


Remove silver skin from tenderloin by sliding the knife tip under one end of the silver skin. Keep the blade flat (parallel to the meat) and slide the knife between the meat and the silver skin, pulling up on the silver skin as you go. Discard silver skin. Remove any excess fat if any.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
After trimming the meat, brush it all over with a generous amount of olive oil, then sprinkle with kosher salt and black pepper.
Heat a large oven proof skillet or fry pan over high heat until smoking hot. Drop a few drops of water in and if they instantly evaporate, the pan is ready.
Carefully place the tenderloin in the pan and don’t move it for 1 ½ minutes. Then turn it totally over and cook 1½ more minutes. Turn a quarter turn and cook for another 1½ minutes. Turn it to cook the last side, then pour approximately ½ cup of the Peppery Peach Sauce over the tenderloin, using a brush to coat evenly. Place the pan with the now-glazed tenderloin in the pre-heated oven.
Roast in the oven between 10 and 20 minutes (*see note in next step) depending on the size of your tenderloin. To test for doneness, poke the fattest part of the tenderloin. If you make a loose fist and push on the fatty part of your palm just below your thumb, the tenderloin should feel like that. If it doesn’t bounce back, leave it in the oven for up to five more minutes. In all cases, please follow guidelines recommended by the US department of agriculture for doneness.
*The cooking time is not an exact science so 
Once out of the oven, place tenderloin on a cutting board and loosely tent with foil. Allow the tenderloin to rest between 5 and 10 minutes. (Your tenderloin’s internal temperature should be at or above 147 degrees F.)
Carve into thick slices and serve with additional Peppery Peach Sauce on the side.


Wash, peel and pit fresh peaches. Place half of the peaches into the bowl of a food processor and process until pureed. Pour processed peaches into a heavy-bottomed 6 quart saucepan. Repeat with remaining peaches. (This should yield approximately 5 cups of peach puree.)
Add sugar, nectar, apple cider vinegar, lemon juice, chile pepper, salt and garlic to the saucepan with the peach puree. Bring contents to a rolling boil. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat and skim off any foam that may be on top of the mixture. Stir in raspberries.
While the peach sauce is simmering, sterilize 6 to 8 1-cup (half-pint) canning jars, lids and covers. Ladle the hot peach sauce into the jars, filling to ¼” below the top of each jar. Wipe jar rims clean and cover with lids and rings. Process in a boiling water bath for 15 minutes. (


Preheat your grill to about 425-450 degrees.
Sprinkle salt and pepper over the skin of the chicken breasts.
Brush the vegetable oil over the grill grates and place the chicken skin side down. Do not touch for 2 minutes. Flip and cook for 2 more minutes. Then move the breasts to an upper rack of the grill, close the cover and cook for ten minutes.
In a small bowl, mix ketchup, maple syrup, vinegar, mustard, liquid smoke and salt.
Brush on sauce to coat, close cover and cook for ten more minutes.
Check for doneness by poking meat. If it springs back, it is done.
Remove from grill and brush on more sauce.
Serve remaining sauce with chicken.


Prepare your asparagus by rinsing them and snapping off the hard ends.
Fill a large bowl full of ice water. Set aside.
Bring a large pot of water to a strong boil. Toss in your entire bunch of asparagus.
As soon as the water comes back to a boil, cook the asparagus for exactly 2 minutes (or 1 minute if your asparagus is very thin; up to 3 minutes if your asparagus is very thick).
As soon as the cooking time is up, turn off the heat and with tongs, remove the asparagus from the hot water and plunge into the ice bath.
Allow the asparagus spears to cool for 1 to 2 minutes, then drain well.
Serve as is or with our Favorite Vinaigrette.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Place ham skin up on a cutting board and make half inch deep cuts in a criss-cross pattern across the top and sides. If using a cut ham, place cut side down into a roasting pan. Pour in wine and stock. Lift ham slightly so the liquid gets under the bottom cut so the ham doesn’t stick to the pan. Also the liquid will keep it moist while it cooks. Tent with foil and cook for 1 ½ to 2 hours depending on the size of your ham. Ours reached 130 degrees at about the 90 minute mark.
While the ham is cooking, place all glaze ingredients into medium sauce pan and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook to a thick syrup-like consistency. When hot, it should be thick like maple syrup. Set this aside.
Once the ham is at 130 degrees, remove from oven and increase oven temperature to 425 degrees.
Remove foil but do not discard foil yet.
If the glaze has cooled and thickened, heat back to a syrupy state and using about one third of the glaze, slather the ham and place uncovered back in the oven. Set time for 15 minutes.
Remove and use one more third to slather all over the ham. Return to the oven and set timer for 15 more minutes.
Finally slather the remaining glaze on the ham and place just in oven long enough to get desired crispy crust but not burned; maybe about five or ten minutes.
Remove from the oven and tent with the reserved foil and let rest for 20 minutes. Your patience will be rewarded.
Move ham to a cutting board and discard liquid left in pan.
Carve and serve with 


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and keep at a simmer until you are ready to cook the pasta.
In a medium sauce pan, bring milk and cream up to scalding but do not boil.
While milk and cream are heating, in a large pot over medium, melt butter and add flour. Stir and cook for three minutes.
Slowly add hot milk mixture to butter and flour mixture while whisking vigorously. If you can’t pour and whisk then pour the milk in one third at a time whisking fast after each addition. The first one will be thick and by the end it will be loose. If lumps form, whisk and cook until they are gone.
At this point, bring the water to a boil and add pasta. Cook pasta to three minutes under done. Whatever the package says, cook three minutes less. Pasta will be slightly hard and chewy but will finish in the oven.
Add all three cheeses to the white sauce and stir with a wooden spoon until dissolved into the sauce.
In a small cup or bowl, mix Worcestershire sauce with salt, pepper, mustard, cayenne, nutmeg and enough water (few drops) to make a slurry. (this is to avoid lumps from clumpy seasonings). Whisk this into the sauce.
Remove the sauce from the heat.
Drain the pasta and add the hot pasta to the sauce and stir.
In a small bowl, combine all topping ingredients and mix well.
Butter or spray a 9x9x3-inch or equivalent casserole dish and pour in the pasta mixture.
Sprinkle top with the crumb topping mixture and bake uncovered for 20-25 minutes or until hot and bubbly.


Fit a medium to large pot with a steamer basket and bring water up to the bottom of the basket. Set aside.
Have a large stainless steel bowl standing by that will fit in the pot once the steamer basket is out. The bowl should be large enough to hold onto the rim of the pot without touching the bottom. That bowl will be used twice, see next step.
Fill the stainless steel bowl half filled with water and set on your counter.
Place a cutting board near the bowl half filled with water.
Begin peeling and cutting the potatoes one at a time, placing pieces into the bowl of water. Cut each potato in half the long way then each half in half the long way again. Then cut each of these quarters into thirds giving you twelve 2” sizes pieces. Repeat for the other potatoes placing in the water as you cut.
Peel the garlic and cut each clove in half from top to bottom and lay them in the steamer basket. Drain the potatoes and place on top of the garlic. Cover and bring the pot to a boil then reduce to medium simmer and simmer 25 minutes covered or until the potatoes are fork tender. Check after 20 minutes.
While the potatoes are steaming, heat half the cream and butter in a sauce pan just until the butter melts.
When the potatoes are done, use a 
Take the pot that the potatoes were cooked in and fill with water just high enough to reach the bottom of the stainless steel bowl bottom and bring to a boil. Place the bowl of mashed potatoes over the hot water and lower the heat and cover until ready to serve.
Heat the remaining cream and butter with the salt in the same sauce pan as before.
When your dinner is ready and you are ready to serve, add the remaining hot cream and butter to the warm potatoes and whip or beat, adjust seasoning and serve in serving bowls garnished with chopped chives.
If you are making this all in one step, heat all of the cream, butter and salt and add to the potatoes that you mashed. Adjust seasoning and serve with chives for garnish.


Prepare the scallops by removing and discarding the hard little muscle that is attached to the side of the scallop. Sometimes that is removed before sale, most of the time not. Rinse the scallops gently under very cold water and pat dry completely with paper towels. If they are not dry, they will not brown.
Prepare all ingredients and set aside.
In a large sauté pan, heat 1 tablespoon of 
Once the pan and fat are hot, gently place each scallop in, making sure they don’t touch. Do not overcrowd the pan. The heat should be at about medium high to high. Once you set the scallops in, do not touch for two minutes. They must remain in one place so they brown. If you think they are browning too quickly, lift one and check. They should be golden in color. Adjust heat slightly if needed.
Turn each one and again do not touch for two minutes. As they cook on the other side, you can see the center start to turn from a slightly off white color to white. If they are not uniform, you may want to remove the smaller ones first. Once cooked, remove all of them to a plate and lower heat to medium.
Add the remaining tablespoon of clarified butter and the shallots and cook for about one minute then add vermouth. Stir to loosen up brown bits from the pan and reduce the vermouth by half.
Add the parsley, chives, zest, salt and pepper and stir.
When the sauce has started to bubble, add the cold butter one tablespoon at a time and stir to make the pan sauce.
Add the scallops back in along with any liquid from the dish and just turn them around in the sauce to bring them back up to temperature and to coat them.
Remove immediately from the heat and serve with the pan sauce over the scallops.


Salt and pepper one side of the steak.
Heat your seasoned cast iron skillet to smoking hot. Add oil and swirl around to coat. Add steak seasoned-side down (place it in pan away from you so you don’t get splattered), and then salt and pepper the other side of the steak. At this point do not touch it for two minutes. Using tongs (never pierce the meat with a fork), flip the steak and add butter, garlic and parsley to the pan next to the steak. Allow the steak to cook for 2 more minutes.
Right after you flip the steak for the first time, with a spoon or small ladle, keep basting the melted butter over the steak. Baste continually for the full two minutes (tilt pan a little if you have to, to get the butter onto the spoon).
After two minutes on each side, keep flipping and basting the steak each time leaving the steak for 30 seconds before turning. Test the steak with the poke test (see note below) and remove at medium rare at about the five to six minute mark of total cooking time. Cook a minute or two longer for medium to well. A thicker steak (such as a sirloin) may take longer.
Turn off the heat and baste one more time. Leave the steak in the pan loosely covered with foil for 10 minutes and allow to rest before cutting. Baste one more time, and remove to a cutting board. Either cut the steak in half for each serving or for a nicer presentation, slice on the bias and serve slices.
Discard the pan drippings or if desired, deglaze the pan with a little wine, then and stock and simmer for a few minutes to reduce the drippings. Add a tablespoon or two of butter to thicken for a nice pan sauce .


Preheat oven to 450 degrees. For later in this recipe, place a cooling rack over a large dish or pan.
In a large cast iron pan, or other oven-proof sauté pan (do not use a non-stick skillet), heat the oil over medium high heat until hot. Place the two chops in the pan, not touching each other, and let them cook - leaving them alone for three minutes. Turn and cook untouched for two more minutes. Then keep flipping every two minutes for about 10-12 minutes or until golden brown.
Remove the pan from the flame and insert a probe thermometer horizontally into the thickest part of one of the chops and set the probe to alarm at 135 degrees. Place the pan with the pork chops in the pre-heated oven and turn the chops every two minutes for about 14-15 minutes or until they reach 135 degrees. (They will cook further after you take them out of the oven so don’t leave them in the oven past 135 degrees. The internal temperature will rise to 145 degrees which is the USDA's minimum recommended temperature for cooked pork.)
Remove the pan from the oven and set chops temporarily on the prepared rack. Drain off oil from the pan and discard. Place the pan on stove top over medium heat and add butter, garlic and thyme. Cook for two minutes, scraping up any brown bits, then add the chops back to the pan and baste continually; flipping the chops two or three times to fully coat with butter sauce, about two to three minutes. Turn off the heat.
Remove the pork chops to the rack again and let rest for 10-15 minutes. Cover loosley with foil.
When ready to serve, place the chop on a cutting board vertically and with a long knife, slice down between the two bones. When you get to the connecting bone, snap it or cut it off. This will give you two portions of equal size for each chop for a total of four servings. Serve the pork chop with a little of the browned butter sauce and our 


Typically pork tenderloins come two to a package, however I have seen them sold individually. Remove the pork from the package and place on a cutting board with the silver skin facing up.
With a very sharp boning knife, or similar shaped knife, remove silver skin by sliding the knife tip under one end of the silver skin. Keep the blade flat (parallel to the meat) and slide the knife between the meat and the silver skin, pulling up on the silver skin as you go. Discard silver skin. Also remove any excess fat if any.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
Jack was always taught to oil the meat not the pan (which is maybe why Martha got the fire department involved all those years ago) so after trimming the meat, brush it all over with a generous amount of olive oil, then sprinkle with kosher salt, black pepper and optional garlic powder.
Heat a large oven proof skillet or fry pan over high heat until smoking hot. Drop a few drops of water in and if they instantly evaporate, the pan is ready.
Carefully place the tenderloin in the pan and don’t move it for 1 ½ minutes. Then turn it totally over and cook 1 ½ more minutes. Turn a quarter turn and cook for another 1 ½ minutes. Turn it to cook the last side then take the whole pan and place in the pre-heated oven.
Depending on the size of the tenderloin, it should take between 10 and 15 minutes. If small, test after 10 minutes by poking the fattest part. If you make a loose fist and push on the fatty part of your palm just below your thumb, it should feel like that. If it doesn’t bounce back, leave it in the oven for up to five more minutes.
Note: We like our tenderloin medium rare. That said, if you prefer well cooked, have at it. In all cases, 
The cooking time is not an exact science so using a 
Once out of the oven, place on a cutting board and loosely tent with foil. To retain the juices and raise to at least the recommended US department of agriculture cooking temperature of 145 degrees F, it must rest between 5 and 10 minutes. We let ours rest ten minutes but I checked the temperature after five. At the five minute mark for resting, the temperature climbed from 135 to 147. At ten minutes it was still at 147. At 15 minutes it had dropped to 143. So optimally, you should be carving it no sooner than five but no later than ten minutes.
Carve into thick slices and serve with your favorite pan sauce.
To make a quick pan sauce, after removing pork from fry pan, place pan over burner and add ¼ cup white wine to deglaze. Once the wine is down to a few tablespoons, add two tablespoons of cold butter and remove pan from heat. Stir butter in until it melts then stir and serve over pork slices.


Place the beef on a platter and coat with oil, salt and pepper and refrigerate uncovered overnight fat side up.
Five hours before serving, heat the oven to 450 degrees F.
Pull roast from refrigeration and let sit at room temperature while you roast the bones and fat.
In roasting pan place beef bones and fat, salt, pepper and oil and roast 30 minutes.
Turn the bones and fat and roast 30 more minutes.
Reduce the oven to 250 degrees F and leave oven door open so the oven cools down to this new setting.
Remove pan from oven and place the garlic over the top of the bones then place the roast over that, fat side up.
Insert a probe thermometer into the fattest part of the roast and set alarm temperature to 125 degrees F for medium rare.
Our 6 ¼ pound roast took exactly 3½ hours to cook to an internal temperature of 125 degrees F. It will continue to cook outside of the oven to the proper medium rare doneness.
Remove beef to a platter and cover loosely with foil for 20 minutes to rest, no less.
Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees F.
Place roasting pan with bones on stove top and add wine to deglaze.
When wine has almost evaporated, add water, Worcestershire sauce and gravy color and simmer until liquid has reduced to about a cup to a cup and a half. Strain out solids and pour Au Jus into sauce pan to heat when needed.
After the roast has rested for 20 minutes, remove probe and place roast back on roasting pan and into hot oven and brown for 15-20 minutes or until desired crispiness.
Remove from oven, let sit five more minutes and carve.
Heat Au Jus to hot and serve on the side or over the slices.
Serve Horseradish sauce on the side; recipe coming this week
With a three bone rib roast, three slices will have meat only and three will have bone in.
One last note; your roast may or may not have the end of the rib bones protruding out of the end. Either way, no change to cooking method, just wanted to point out that it is sold both ways.


The night before your dinner, place all brine ingredients listed EXCEPT the ice water into a medium pot. Bring to a boil then simmer on low for two minutes. Cool the brine to at least room temperature. (An easy method is to fill the kitchen sink half way with cold water and set the hot pot into the cold water being careful to not let the water spill over. Stir the pot and the cold water will become warm because the heat from the pot is transferred to the water. Drain the water and repeat a few times and within 10-15 minutes, the pot of brine will be room temperature and no longer hot.)
While the brine is cooling remove the neck and gizzards from the turkey and rinse the turkey in cold water. Save the neck for our 
Removing the back bone will allow the turkey to cook evenly instead of the breast meat over-cooking while the legs and thighs take longer to be done. You can remove the back bone before or after brining – it doesn’t matter.
In a large pot (big enough to hold your turkey submerged with brine) place the turkey, neck and back into the pot and cover with the brine and a gallon of ice water, making sure the turkey is completely submerged. Add more water if needed.
Cover and refrigerate the pot with the brining turkey overnight.
The following day, about three hours before you want the turkey to be finished, remove the turkey from the brine and discard the brine, saving the neck and back for your gravy 
Preheat oven to 500 degrees and place the oven rack on the lowest section of the oven.
Rinse the turkey and pat dry.
In a large roasting pan place the celery, carrots, onion, chicken stock and parsley. Then place a V shaped rack with the point of the V facing up (which is the opposite of how you normally use it) over the vegetables and stock.
Place the turkey over the rack so that it saddles the rack breast up. Bend the wing tips under the wings and tuck the leg ends down into the rack so the turkey doesn’t slide.
Brush the turkey with the melted butter and then sprinkle the salt.
Place in the pre-heated oven uncovered for 30 minutes to brown.
Remove after 30 minutes and lower oven to 325 degrees. Place a 
While the turkey is roasting, make a stock for your gravy 
When the turkey reaches 160 degrees, remove from oven and transfer turkey to a serving platter saving the drippings and solids in a separate container for gravy. Because the backbone is gone, the turkey will be easy to pick up with long handled tongs.
Allow the turkey to rest for at least 15 minutes. While the turkey rests, you can make your gravy (recipe 
You can slice and serve now or hold for later while you prepare the rest of your dinner. To prepare turkey meat to hold for later, carve the meat from the legs and thighs and place in the empty roasting pan from earlier. Carve the breasts into thick slices and add those neatly to the roasting pan. Separate the wingette from the drummette and add those to the roasting pan.
When ready to serve, heat the reserved quart of stock in a sauce pan and pour over the cooked sliced turkey in the roasting pan then transfer the hot cooked turkey to your serving platter along with the gravy made earlier.
If the gravy is too thick, use a little stock from the sliced turkey pan to thin out.


While your turkey is roasting, in a medium to large stock pot, place the back, neck and chicken or turkey parts along with the celery, onion, carrots, peppercorns, bay leaves, garlic, salt and water and bring to a boil. Simmer with cover partially on letting steam escape. Simmer for the entire time the turkey is roasting, adding a little more water as needed.
Once your turkey is done roasting and is resting, place the empty roasting pan over two burners on your stove and add the pot of cooked stock with all of the solids and the cooked vegetables and drippings saved from cooking the turkey. Cook and stir, loosening up any browned bits from the roasting pan.
Place a colander over the stock pot you just emptied and with a spider, scoop out solids into colander. When the roasting pan is light enough to lift, pour all of the liquid into the colander and pot. Pull the colander out letting the liquid drain into the pot and try to squeeze out every last drop, crushing and pressing the cooked vegetables to give up their liquid. Then discard solids.
Skim off the fat that floats to the top of the stock. What is left should be two quarts of turkey stock. Reserve one quart of stock 
While stock is getting hot, melt the stick of butter over medium heat in a medium pan and add flour. (If you like your gravy on the thicker side, add a few more tablespoons of flour to the butter) Stir with a wooden spoon and cook over medium low for about four minutes until the raw flour smell is gone. This is called a roux.
Add all of this to the hot stock whipping briskly as you add. (Normally stock should be added to roux, not the other way around but as long as you whip while adding and they are both hot, it should not get lumpy. If it does, just strain before serving).
Taste and adjust seasonings.


In a food processor, add basil, garlic and pine nuts and process until uniformly chopped.
With motor running add olive oil in a drizzle. Open the lid and scrape down the sides then turn motor back on to mix.
Pour into a bowl and hand mix in both cheeses and salt and pepper to taste.
Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to one week. This pesto may also be frozen - we put it in small zipper seal food storage bags and flatten to remove all the air from the bag before sealing and freezing.


Cut chicken breasts into bite sized pieces and toss with lemon juice and ¼ cup of pesto. Let sit for 30 minutes at room temperature.
Toast pine nuts over medium heat in a small pan until slightly browned. Set aside.
Heat a large skillet to medium high and place two tablespoons of olive oil in the pan and heat to hot. Add chicken cooking in two batches if necessary and cook until seared on both sides but not cooked all the way through. Set aside.
Clean pan discarding any bits from the pan.
Reheat the skillet over medium and heat two more tablespoons of olive oil until hot. Add peppers and onions and sauté four minutes. Add garlic and sauté for one more minutes. Add wine and cook until almost all of the wine has evaporated. Add stock, beans, salt, pepper and seared chicken and simmer on low for 20 minutes uncovered. The beans will break apart a bit which is fine. Add more vegetable stock if needed.
Stir in the Parmesan cheese, toasted pine nuts and the last ¼ cup of pesto. Remove from heat and serve.
Serve with olive oil drizzled over the top of each portion along with additional Parmesan cheese.


Fill a medium to large pot of water and bring to a boil. While water is heating, cut the two green bell peppers in half vertically and clean out seeds and stem. Once water has boiled, place the four halves into the water and boil for just four minutes, no longer. Remove from water with tongs and cool at room temperature on a paper towel, cut side down, while you prepare the filling. Discard water.
In a small sauce pan over medium heat, heat cream and cheese just until cheese melts into cream. Stir and set aside.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a large sauté pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over medium high and add onions. Cook for two minutes and add red pepper and mushrooms and lower heat to medium. Cook stirring often until the vegetables are cooked and starting to caramelize, about four more minutes. Remove vegetables to a bowl.
Heat pan back to medium high and add the last tablespoon of oil. Add steak and toss and cook until no pink remains. Try not to crowd the pan too much and cook in two batches if necessary so the meat browns and doesn’t steam. Add vegetables back in and toss for a minute over heat then remove.
In a small baking pan, place four pepper halves cut side up and divided the cheese sauce evenly. With a spoon, smooth the sauce up the insides of the pepper half so the whole inside is coated.
Divide the beef and vegetable mixture between the four halves piling the mixture to the sides and top.
Place in oven for 3 to 5 minutes to bring pepper back to hot, remove from oven and cover with a slice of provolone cheese. Place back in oven just long enough to melt cheese, about 3 minutes.


In a medium pot, place all ingredients.
Bring to a boil, cover and lower heat to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes.
Remove from heat, uncover and allow to cool completely.
Store covered in the refrigerator for 7-10 days.


In a medium pot, bring all ingredients to a boil, lower heat and simmer covered for five minutes. Remove from heat and let cool (remove the cover from the pot while cooling).
Once cooled, remove and discard the cilantro.
Store onions covered in the refrigerator for 7-10 days.


Place all ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir to combine.
Refrigerate in a covered container and let sit for one hour to allow flavors to blend.


On a clean work surface, place all of the 7½ cups of flour into a pile. Stir in salt then make a valley in the center of the flour. Crack both eggs into center along with sour cream. With a fork, start stirring the eggs and sour cream into the flour pulling the edges toward the center. Then gradually add the water a little at a time as you continue to stir with a fork. You may not use all of the water so after 2 cups check texture and slowly incorporate another half cup of water. (Our dough was a perfect consistency at 2½ cups and we did not use the remaining ½ cup.) The texture should be soft and sticky to the touch.
(A 
Using a rolling pin, roll the dough mass out to 1/16th inch thin. If you roll it out any thicker, your yield will be less than 100.
As you roll, keep flouring the counter under the dough so when it is completely rolled out, none of the dough mass sticks to your counter.
Using a 3 inch round cookie or biscuit cutter, dip the cutter in flour if needed then cut out the circles as close to each other as possible. After filling this batch, gather up the scraps and roll back out and cut more circles. Finally roll up the last of the scraps and cut one last time. The dough is soft enough to get rolled out three times but no more. Also try to keep the dough covered with a slightly damp cloth to keep the dough from drying out.
The final count should be approximately 100 circles. See last step for filling, boiling and frying.
Boil potatoes in salted water for 5-10 minutes until tender, then drain and place back into the pan. Heat over medium just long enough to evaporate any liquid left in the pan and to dry out the potatoes. Remove to a bowl and set aside.
In the same pan, melt butter over medium heat and add onion, salt and pepper and cook 3-5 minutes until tender. Remove from heat and add parsley and potatoes and using a potato masher, mash mixture to somewhat fine. Stir in cheddar cheese and set mixture aside. If not filling right away, refrigerate until needed.
In a medium sauté pan, melt butter over medium heat and add mushroom and onion and cook for 3-5 minutes until tender. Add drained sauerkraut, salt and pepper. Stir and remove from heat. If not filling right away, refrigerate until needed.
In a medium sauté pan over medium heat, melt butter and add onions. Cook 3-5 minutes and remove from heat. Stir in Farmer’s cheese and mix to combine. Stir in egg, parsley, salt and pepper and stir again. If not filling right away, refrigerate until needed.
Note: This is more of a dessert filling and can be served a few different ways. But the traditional way is, once cooked, serve with buttered, toasted plain bread crumbs.
In a small sauce pan place dried prunes and water just to cover tops. Add sugar and lemon and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer and cook two minutes. Remove from heat and let the prunes sit in the hot water for ten minutes. Drain liquid and discard. Place cooked prunes in a small food processor (
Each pierogi gets filled and cooked the same. As noted above, the prune pierogi are served with toasted bread crumbs as a dessert and the other three fillings served with grilled onions and sour cream as an entrée or side dish.
To fill each pierogi, follow the recipe for the filling and divide the filling between that number of circles.
Place the filling (between ¾ and 1 ounce depending on the filling type) in the center spreading it out into the shape of an oval. Have a small cup of water close by and with a pastry brush, lightly wet the outside of the circle half way around. Then lift the dough circle in your hand and pull the edge of the dry side to the edge of the wet side together in the center and pinch tight. Then work from the center out and pinch the rest closed, poking any filling back in as you go. Set the finished pierogi on a parchment-lined sheet pan.
Place a medium to large pot of water on to boil as you finish the remaining pierogi. Have a large sauté pan on a burner with the melted butter on medium low.
Once you have made as many as you plan on making, place about ten at a time into the boiling water (checking to make sure that they haven’t stuck to the bottom of the pot) and boil until they float (about 2-3 minutes). Then cook for an additional minute and remove with a strainer. Immediately add to pan with melted butter. All you are doing with this step is coating them in butter so they don’t stick to each other. Toss in the pan of butter for about 30 seconds and remove to a platter. Repeat for all of the pierogi you intend to cook.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, melt butter and add onions and cook for about 4-5 minutes until slightly browned. Remove to a bowl and set aside.
Using the same pan over medium heat, melt butter and add cooked pierogi. Cook flipping occasionally until browned on both sides, about 5-8 minutes.
Serve savory pierogi with sour cream and sautéed onions. Serve prune pierogi with buttered, toasted bread crumbs.


*To prepare a simple syrup, combine equal parts granulated sugar and water in a pan. Heat over medium-high heat until the sugar has completely dissolved. Remove from heat. Chill in refrigerator before using.
Combine DOLE® Canned Pineapple Juice, pomegranate juice, simple syrup and lime club soda in a pitcher. Mix to combine. Add ice to chill.
To serve, pour into individual glasses. Garnish with a pineapple wedge. Add slices of lime and additional pineapple to punch if desired.


Cut open each package of fish, slide out filet and squeeze marinade into a medium sauce pan. Then cut each filet into large pieces, about 6-8 per filet. Set fish aside.
Add mango spread, rice vinegar, sherry, soy sauce and ¼ cup of the pineapple juice to the pan with the Mahi Mahi marinade. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a very low heat.
Make rice by heating two cups of water to one cup of rice. Once rice is ten minutes from finishing, start next step.
Heat a wok or large skillet over medium high and place two tablespoons of the peanut oil. Once hot, add fish into oil but do not crowd pieces. Cook in two batches if needed. Cook about 1 ½ minutes per side and remove to a plate or platter and set aside.
Increase temperature to high. Add last tablespoon of oil and add garlic, ginger and onions and sauté for two minutes.
Add bell pepper and carrots and sauté for three minutes.
Add zucchini and remaining half cup of pineapple juice. Toss and stir for about five minutes or until vegetables are tender and juice has almost evaporated.
Add pineapple, mango, cilantro and peanuts, Stir in half of warm sauce, saving the other half to serve over dish.
To serve, place cooked rice on a platter, pour fruit and vegetable mixture over rice, place cooked fish over fruit and vegetables and pour remaining sauce over fish. (feel free to hold remaining sauce to serve on the side instead of pouring over top of finished dish)
Garnish with additional cilantro and peanuts.


Mix all ingredients just before serving. (See note above - it's best to stir everything together then add salt just before serving.)


In a small cup, dissolve corn starch with enough of the pineapple juice to make a slurry. (A slurry is cold liquid mixed with cornstarch until smooth and glossy.) Set aside.
Mix all other ingredients in a medium-sized sauce pan and bring to a boil over low heat.
Add slurry mixture and stir until thickened. Remove from heat.
Serve over sliced 
Note: Sauce may be thinned with more pineapple juice if it becomes too thick.


Place pistachios in food processor and pulse until the pieces are slightly larger than a grain of rice. A few large pieces are fine.
Pour into a small bowl and add currants, zest from one lime and ¼ cup of granulated sugar. Toss to combine and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat butter until creamy. Add remaining sugar and beat until slightly pale in color.
Add flour while mixing on low, and then add the lemon extract. Beat until mixed and slightly crumbly.
Add nut and currant mixture and beat on low just to incorporate.
Pour out onto your counter and press together and form into a log, 18 inches long. Doesn’t have to look perfect.
In a small bowl, mix sugar in the raw with the zest of one lime and combine.
Line three cookie sheets with parchment paper.
Cut the log in half with a sharp knife. Then cut each half into thirds. Then cut each third into five pieces. This will yield 30 slices.
Pick up each slice and form into a circle about a half inch thick.
Dip both sides in the raw sugar and place on a cookie sheet. Repeat for the remaining pieces, filling up three pans.
Place all three pans in the refrigerator for about an hour to harden.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Bake each pan right from the refrigerator to the oven for 12-14 minutes.
The finished cookie will still be soft and just starting to get slightly tan in color. Do not bake longer than 14 minutes, in fact less time is better than more time.
Let each cooked pan sit out of the oven for five minutes. Then slide the parchment sheet with the cookies onto a rack and let cool completely before you attempt to remove them from the parchment. They will harden slightly as they cool.
Once cool, remove from parchment and store in a covered container for up to three days or freeze.


Bring dough ball to room temperature on a floured pan. Cover dough ball with plastic and a dish towel and let sit in a warm place for 30 minutes.
On a floured surface, flatten dough to a 12-14 inch round. Cover with plastic and dish towel and let sit for another 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees and in middle rack, place your 
On a 
Carefully spread 
Slide pizza from peel onto the stone and set timer for 7 minutes. After 7 minutes check pizza bottom for browning with a pair of tongs and cook 1-2 more minutes only if needed.
Remove to a cutting board and tear more basil over top. Cut and serve.


In a large skillet with cover, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the tomatoes, salt and pepper and cook, stirring frequently for 3 minutes.
Push the tomatoes to the sides of the pans and add the fish fillets. Cook the fish for two minutes (do not flip the fish).
Pour the wine over the fish and place a teaspoon pat of butter on each piece of fish. Sprinkle the chopped tarragon over the fish.
Cover the skillet with a lid and simmer on medium-high for 8 minutes or until the fish is cooked through and the tomato skins begin to burst.
Serve immediately over cooked white rice, topping the fish with the tomatoes and sauce. Serve with a wedge of lemon.


Prepare the 
Cut a small amount from the ridges at the bottom of each pear so the end is flat and the pears will stand upright. With a small paring knife, remove the core from the bottom of each pear by turning the knife around and around until you have whittled out the core. Peel the pears, leaving the stems intact.
In a 4-quart pot, pour in the bottle of wine. Fill the wine bottle with water and then add the water to the pot with the wine so you have a 50/50 mix of wine and water. Add sugar, cinnamon stick and lemon rind and bring to a boil.
Gently add pears and cover with a dish or pan so they stay submerged under the liquid.
Gently boil for 40 minutes or until tender. Use a small skewer or tooth pick to see if they are done.
Remove pears to a plate with a slotted spoon, cover and refrigerate.
Bring the liquid back to a boil and simmer for 50-60 minutes or until the liquid has reduced to one cup. The finished wine sauce will thicken as it reduces. Let the sauce cool slightly.
To serve, spoon wine sauce onto the bottom of a small flat dish or bowl, add drops of 


Make the Biga pre-fermentation the day before by combining the flour, yeast and water. Mix by hand or with a stand mixer with a dough hook to form a dough that sticks a little to the bottom while mixing. Add more water or flour to achieve that consistency. Place in an oiled covered bowl and set in a warm place for an hour or two until doubled in size. Punch down, cover and place in the refrigerator overnight.
Four to five hours before serving, remove Biga from the refrigerator and cut into golf ball sized pieces and lay out on your counter. Cover with plastic and a towel and let come up to room temperature for 45 minutes.
While Biga is coming to room temperature, measure out all of your ingredients and prepare milk and butter by combining in a microwave safe bowl and microwaving until hot and the butter has melted. Set aside to cool to room temperature.
In a small bowl, combine water and yeast.
In a medium bowl, combine eggs, egg yolks, sugar and salt. Using an electric mixer or by hand whip for about three minutes or until the mixture turns pale.
To the egg mixture, add nutmeg, both extracts, both zests and orange liquor and stir to combine.
Place all six cups of flour on your counter and make a large well in the center.
Mix and stir as you go and add each of the three bowls a little at a time starting with warm yeast and water, then cooled milk and butter and finally eggs and sugar mixture, pulling the sides into the center over and over to form a dough.
Add the pieces of Biga to the dough working them in as you press and turn. This process will take a good five minutes working the dough to completely blend together. (If using a 6 or 7 quart stand mixer, the process will take less time).
The dough now needs to be kneaded for five additional minutes. Pull the back of the dough to the front and press with the heel of your palm over and over working the dough for five minutes. This step is necessary.
Oil a large bowl and place the dough ball in and swirl to coat all sides with oil.
Cover with plastic and a towel and place in a warm place for at least two hours or until doubled in size.
In a medium bowl place both raisins, currants and rum, cover and microwave one minute on high. Set aside covered at room temperature.
Once the dough has doubled in size, generously flour your counter and pour out the dough. Cut into three equal pieces, about 1 ½ pounds each.
One at a time, roll out each piece of dough to 9 inches wide by 13 inches long.
Divide the raisin mixture into thirds and place one third over the rolled out dough bringing it right to the sides. Discard any liquid in the bowl, if any.
Do the same for the chopped nuts; dividing in thirds and sprinkling to the edges.
Take the long end and roll tightly towards the center. Take the other long end and do the same so that both rolls end in the center.
Gently lift and place in a loaf pan, seam side up.
Brush a little water between the seam and pinch together to seal.
Repeat this procedure for the other two loaves.
Cover with plastic and a dish towel and let proof for 90 minutes or until almost doubled in size.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Beat the egg with the water and brush the tops of each loaf, trying not to let the egg wash leak down the sides.
Place all three in the center of the oven and bake for 30-35 minutes or until golden brown and when tapped, sounds hollow. Half way through baking, rotate pans so that they brown evenly. Ours took 33 minutes.
Cool for a few minutes on a rack then invert out of the pan and cool.
Once cool, bread should be tightly wrapped. Can be frozen if baking ahead.


In a medium to large pot, heat both broths and add potatoes. Cook until potatoes are just about tender and remove to a bowl using a spider or strainer. Set potatoes aside but keep broth hot.
In a larger pot, melt butter over medium heat and add flour. Cook for three minutes.
Add hot broth one third at a time, whipping each third to combine.
In a medium bowl, mix milk with egg yolks to combine. Temper this egg mixture by adding ladles full of broth into the egg mixture, whipping each time until the egg mixture is hot, then add back into the pot.
Add pickles, cooked potatoes and pickle juice and heat just to serving temperature but do not boil.
Garnish with uncooked pickle slices, optional.


In a large sauté pan, cook bacon slices about half way to done. You want at least 4 tablespoons of bacon fat reserved. The bacon will cook further in the oven so don’t cook to crisp. Reserve both the bacon and the bacon fat separately.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
In a small bowl, soak bread in the milk.
Place one tablespoon of the fat back in the pan and sauté the onions over medium heat until cooked through and nicely browned. Add to bowl with the bread and milk to cool onions.
In a large bowl, place ground beef, ground pork, the beaten egg, salt and pepper. Add the bread and onion mixture and mix to combine. The mixture will be somewhat loose.
Divide the mixture into eight patties.
Pour the bread crumbs into a plate or platter and press both sides of each patty into the crumbs pressing slightly.
In the same sauté pan, heat half the remaining bacon fat over medium to medium high heat.
Have a 9X13 pan or glass baking dish standing by.
Place four of the coated patties into the hot oil and cook for about 3-4 minutes on each side or until browned. Transfer to the baking dish.
Repeat for the remaining bacon fat and last four patties and transfer to the baking dish once browned.
Cut each bacon strip in half and place two halves over each patty.
Bake for 20 minutes and serve immediately.


Add all ingredients to a medium sauce pan and warm, over medium heat, until the coconut milk solids and the honey have completely dissolved in the juice. (Do not bring to a boil.)
Remove from the heat and pour the mixture into a bowl. Chill in the refrigerator, stirring occasionally so that the pomegranate juice and coconut milk don’t separate. You’ll want to chill the mixture (about an hour or so) until it’s cool enough to churn but not so cold that the coconut milk starts to solidify again.
Churn in an ice cream maker according to your manufacturer’s instructions.
Freeze 4-6 hours before eating.


Combine all ingredients in a small pitcher.
Stir to combine.
Pour over a glass of ice. Serve immediately.


Combine pomegranate juice and Fresca into a small pitcher. Stir to combine.
Pour over a tall glass of ice and top with a small scoop of the ice cream. Serve immediately


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Have a 9x9-inch casserole pan or dish standing by.
In a large fry pan, heat two tablespoons of butter and one tablespoon of the oil over medium heat and add shallots. Cook for 2 minutes, increase heat to high and add mushrooms. Cook mushrooms on high heat for 8-10 minutes tossing and turning often until browned (they will give up some liquid then pull it back in again). Remove to a bowl and return pan to medium high heat.
Add two more tablespoons of butter and the remaining olive oil and once hot, cook chicken strips in two batches browning on both sides for about two minutes each (cook them slightly undercooked as they will finish cooking in the oven). As you finish each batch, add directly to the casserole pan and layer half the mushrooms over each batch.
Once the last batch of chicken leaves the pan, deglaze with the white wine, scraping up any browned bits.
After the wine evaporates, add all of the 
In a small bowl, mix the last two tablespoons of butter with the last teaspoon of poppy seeds and the crushed Ritz. Pour over chicken mixture and bake uncovered for 20 minutes or until browned and bubbly.


In a small sauce pan, heat orange juice, vinegar, salt and two tablespoons of the black pepper. Note: this glaze is very strong and peppery so if you wish, cut the pepper by half. Bring to a boil and put on a fast simmer for about 20 minutes or until the sauce has been reduced by half.
If using wooden skewers, soak the skewers in water for an hour.
In a medium bowl, combine pork cubes, apple wedges, olive oil, salt and pepper. Mix to coat.
Alternately thread the pork and apples onto the skewers and grill over a medium hot grill for 5-7 minutes turning often. You want the pork to be pink but not raw and the apples to still have a bit of crunch.
During the last minute of cooking, brush with the glaze but be careful not to burn.
To serve, brush the skewers with extra glaze and serve.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
In a large bowl soak bread with milk.
In the bowl of a food processor, add onions, celery, carrots and garlic and pulse until chopped fine.
In a medium sauté pan over medium heat, dry roast fennel seeds for about two minutes or until slightly browned.
Add oil and vegetable mixture from food processor along with Italian seasoning.
Cook for five minutes and add currants. Cook for one minute and remove from heat and add to the bowl with the bread and milk.
Once the mixture has cooled, add eggs, salt, pepper and Parmesan. Stir to combine.
Add pork and sausage meat and gently mix just to incorporate ingredients but do not over mix.
Use an ice cream scoop and scoop out 14 meatballs.
Line a small sheet tray with parchment paper and roll each scoop into a ball and place on the sheet tray.
Bake for 20 minutes.
While meatballs are cooking, start to heat water for pasta by following box directions.
In a separate large pot, heat olive oil over medium heat and add onions, garlic, pepper flakes and Italian seasoning. Cook for four minutes and add wine.
Cook for two minutes and add tomatoes, sugar and salt and simmer for 10 minutes. Then stir in Parmesan.
After 20 minutes remove meatballs from oven and add to the sauce.
Cover sauce and meatballs and add a heat defuser under the pot and cook for 30 minutes at a medium low simmer.
About 15 minutes before the pot of sauce and meatballs are done; cook the pasta according to box directions.
To serve, drain pasta and place on platter topped with meatballs and sauce.
Alternatively you can drain the pasta just before it is fully cooked, reserving a cup of pasta water. Place the pasta back into the pot and ladle in half of the sauce and thin with a little pasta water if needed and heat until pasta is fully cooked. Then serve with remaining sauce and meatballs.


Lay your prepared medallions out on a plate and sprinkle both sides with the salt and pepper. Allow to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes while you prepare the sauce.
In a medium to large sauce pan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter with the flour and cook over medium- low heat for about four minutes. Add both stocks and stir with a wire whisk to smooth out. Add wine, vinegar, garlic, shallots and bay leaves. Bring to a boil then reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. After 20 minutes, stir in the last two tablespoons of butter and then remove from heat and set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Heat a cast iron skillet or heavy bottomed oven-proof pan with the olive oil to scorching hot. When the oil starts to ripple from the heat, place the pork medallions in with long handled tongs, being careful not to burn yourself. Sear on one side for about two minutes, flip and sear for 30 seconds. Add the sauce into the pan with the pork (again being careful since the sauce will bubble up). Lay two slices of prosciutto over each medallion, spoon a little sauce over each and then place the pan in the oven. Bake for about five minutes, then remove the pan from the oven and place a probe thermometer into the thickest medallion. If the temperature of the pork reads 140 degrees or higher, remove the pan from the oven and proceed to the next step. If not, put the pan back in the oven for another five minutes. (Depending on how thick your medallions are and how you like your pork cooked, this step will vary. We like our pork slightly pink but some people don’t, so your choice.)
Remove the bay leaves and discard. To serve, divide into four serving plates and spoon sauce from the pan over each portion.


In a medium sauté pan over medium high heat, heat oil and add leeks, Herbes De Provence, dry mustard and pepper and sauté for two minutes. Add the lime juice and cook until all liquid has evaporated.
Lower heat to medium and add apricots and cinnamon stick and sauté for one to two minutes or until apricots are almost tender.
Add brown sugar, apricot jam and water and simmer on medium until a nice sauce forms and the apricots are tender but not falling apart. (Firm but tender). Remove from heat and set aside.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Remove any excess fat and silver skin from pork and cut into 4-5 ounce pieces. Then coat all sides with the salt and pepper.
In a large oven proof sauté pan (cast iron works well), heat olive oil to smoking hot over medium high to high heat.
Place pork pieces in making sure they don’t touch and sear on all sides (5-10 minutes total).
Place pan in preheated oven and cook for 10-15 minutes or until done. We left ours in for 12 minutes for medium rare. If you like pork cooked further, leave in until your desired doneness.
Once out of the oven, transfer to a platter and loosely cover with foil and let rest for 10 minutes.
Take any pan juices accumulated in the sauté pan and add to the sauce. Slowly heat the sauce to serving temperature, being careful not to overheat.
Either serve pork tips whole or sliced to your guests topped with the pan sauce.


Trim silver skin from pork tenderloin.
Mix pomegranate juice, lemon juice, orange juice, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, Hoisin sauce, Agave nectar, ginger, anise seed, garlic, salt and pepper and pour into a gallon zip lock bag. Marinate for 6 hours or overnight.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Remove pork from the marinade and pat dry. Reserve ½ cup of the marinade and discard the rest.
Heat a large oven proof skillet to high and add olive oil. Let oil heat to hot and place pork into hot oil.
Cook the pork for approximately 3 minutes on each side. Try not to move it as it sears on each side. Once you flip it to the last side, place a probe thermometer into the thickest end and place the pan in the oven. When you attached the other end of your thermometer to the device, set the temperature to alarm at 143 degrees. Depending on the size and thickness of the tenderloin, this could take between 15 and 25 minutes.
Once the temperature reaches 143 degrees, remove from the oven and place pork on a plate to rest 5-10 minutes before slicing (leave the probe in while the meat rests).
Note: The pork will continue to cook after it’s taken out of the oven so ideally, you want to remove it from the oven before it is fully cooked so that it doesn’t become overdone as the pork rests before cutting. You always want cooked meats to "rest" for 5-10 minutes after cooking so that the juices have a chance to redistribute throughout the meat. If you cut the meat right away, all of the juices will flow out and the meat will be dry and tough when you eat it.
While the meat is resting, place a pot holder over the pan handle to remind yourself that the pan just came out of the oven and is hot. Heat pan over medium heat and add vermouth and cranberries. Scrape up any brown bits from the bottom of the pan.
Once most of the vermouth has evaporated, add pomegranate juice, diced apple, Agave nectar and the ½ cup of reserved marinade.
Cook until liquid is reduced by half and add in the butter. Stir and cook until thick and serve over pork.


In a medium sauté pan or skillet, heat oil over medium high and cook shallots until translucent, about 3-4 minutes.
Add all other sauce ingredients except plums and heat to combine. Remove from heat.
Cut plums in half and core then cut each half into quarters giving you eight slices per plum. Lay the sliced plums into the sauce, cover and refrigerate the whole pan. The longer this sits, the better tasting the sauce will be. If possible, make the sauce in the morning and let it sit all day refrigerated.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees.
In the bowl of a food processor with a metal blade, add flour, baking powder, sugar, salt, baking soda, chives, Herbes De Provence and garlic powder. Pulse a few times to combine.
Cut the butter into slices and add to the flour mixture, covering each piece. Pulse a few times until the butter looks pea sized. Add buttermilk while pulsing, don’t over mix.
Pour out onto a floured surface and pat into a rectangle a little larger than 9X6. With a three inch cutter cut out six biscuits. Or with a 1 ½ inch cutter, cut out 12 biscuits. Brush the tops with melted butter.
Place on parchment lined cookie sheet and bake for 20-25 minutes until browned (less if making smaller biscuits).
While biscuits are baking, remove silver skin from tenderloins and coat with salt and pepper.
In an oven proof large sauté pan, heat oil to smoking hot over high heat. Add pork and sear about three minutes on each side (5-10 minutes). Biscuits should just about be done at this point. Leave oven at 450 degrees. After the last side is seared, place pan in the oven for 12-15 minutes or until the center is at about 125 degrees as measured with a probe thermometer. Remove pork to a plate, cover loosely with foil and let rest 15 minutes. The temperature will rise to 140 degrees as it rests.
Place the hot pan on a burner over medium high. Add vermouth to deglaze pan. Cook until all but two tablespoons of liquid are left. In the mean time, pull sauce from refrigeration and remove plums to a bowl. Pour remaining sauce in pan with the two tablespoons of liquid and cook to thicken (three to five minutes).
Pour in any juice collected at the bottom of the plate from the pork into the sauce. Then add plums to sauce and heat just to hot and remove from heat.
Slice pork into thick slices and serve with the plum sauce and biscuits.


In a heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, sauté onions in oil over medium high heat for three minutes. Add garlic and sauté for one minute. Add chourico and sauté for two minutes. Reduce to medium and add tomato paste and kale and sauté for five minutes, stirring frequently so it does not stick or burn.
Add stock, water, salt, pepper, bay, gravy color, optional parsley and optional mint and bring to a boil. Reduce to a fast simmer and cook for five minutes. Add cabbage and potatoes and continue to cook until tender, 5-10 minutes.
Add drained beans, bring to hot, adjust seasonings and serve with crusty bread.


In a medium sauce pan, bring water to boil along with orange peel, cinnamon stick, butter and salt. When it reaches a full boil, add in the rice. Reduce heat to a low simmer and cook for 20-25 minutes (this time will depend on which type of short grain rice you use) Gently simmer until almost all of the water has been absorbed. Stir often.
While rice is cooking, heat milk and cream to very hot but not scorched. (You'll need to time this so the milk gets heated just before you add it to the rice mixture.)
Pour hot milk into rice mixture and stir. Simmer for 5 minutes. Now stir in both sugars and vanilla and turn off heat.
Slowly whisk in hot rice mixture into eggs a tiny bit at a time to temper the eggs. After three or so cups of rice have been whisked into eggs, pour egg mixture back into rice and whisk.
With tongs or a fork, remove and discard orange peel and cinnamon stick.
Place pudding back on stove and simmer gently for 10 minutes to allow mixture to thicken.
Cool mixture in one large serving dish or into individual servings. Top with powdered cinnamon.


In a medium pot with a tight-fitting lid, melt bacon fat in the oil over medium high.
Add onions and garlic and cook for 2 minutes.
Add tomatoes with their juice, cover and simmer for 30 minutes.
Add stock, bring to a boil and add rice, salt and pepper.
Cover and after it comes to a boil, lower to a gentle simmer and cook 20 minutes covered.
Remove from heat and fluff with fork before serving.


To prepare mussels, scrub shells with a soft brush to remove any barnacles or scale. De-beard by pulling on the “beard” that protrudes from some of the shells and twist back and forth to remove. Do all of this while running under cold water. Any shells that stay open, discard. Keep mussels refrigerated until ready to use.
In a large sauté pan or skillet, melt butter and oil over medium heat and add shallots and cook for two minutes.
Add garlic, hot peppers, plum tomatoes, lemon zest, thyme and one tablespoon of parsley. Cook for five minutes.
Add lemon juice and stir mixture.
Add wine and cook for two minutes to reduce liquid by half.
Add clam juice, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Simmer for five minutes.
Increase heat to medium high, add mussels, cover and cook for two to three minutes or until mussels open.
Remove from heat and remove mussels to a serving bowl using a 
Return the pan to the heat and add cream and cook over medium high for two minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in the two tablespoons of butter.
Pour this mixture over the mussels and sprinkle the remaining parsley over the finished dish.
Serve hot with toasted French bread slices that have been rubbed with garlic.
Discard any mussels that do not open.


The day before, make the Biga by sifting flour into the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment. Add yeast and on low speed add water to form a sticky dough. Add more water or flour to get proper consistency. Err on the side of sticky. Knead for five minutes then transfer to a bowl that is coated with a little olive oil. Cover with plastic and a dish towel and let sit in a warm place until double in size, two hours or so. Punch down to degas and transfer bowl to the refrigerator covered and store overnight.
The next day and about six hours before serving, pull the biga from the refrigerator and cut into a bunch of small pieces. Lay on counter covered with plastic and a dish towel and let sit for one hour.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, sift flour and add yeast, salt, pepper, garlic powder, zest and rosemary. Mix to combine. Add biga pieces and mix to coat.
Add mashed potatoes, olive oil and water with mixer on low until a sticky dough forms. Add more water or flour to get proper consistency. Err on the side of sticky. Knead for six minutes then transfer to a bowl that is coated with a little olive oil. Cover with plastic and a dish towel and let sit in a warm place for two hours or until double in size.
Pour the dough onto a floured surface and roll into a round log. If making 18, cut in half then each half in thirds. Then cut each third in third again to yield 18 pieces. If cutting into 24, cut log in half then each half in half. Then each quarter in half and finally each piece in thirds to yield 24 pieces.
Roll out each dough piece into a ball.
Line two sheet pans with parchment paper and divide the dough balls between the two pans leaving room for them to expand. With a two or three inch cookie cutter, press indentations around the outer edge towards the center five times as you go around the circle of the ball. This will give it a Kaiser roll look.
Spray the tops with pan spray, cover with plastic and a dish towel and let sit in a warm place for one to two hours or until double in size.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Mist the tops of the rolls with water and then sprinkle sesame seeds or poppy seeds on top. Keep the water mister for next step.
Bake one pan at a time by spraying the inside of the hot oven quickly with the water mister.
Bake for ten minutes, rotate pan, reduce to 400 degrees and bake for 10-15 more minutes (smaller rolls will take less time to bake than the larger ones). Remove when they sound hollow when tapped and are golden brown.
As soon as they come out of the oven, brush with melted butter and sprinkle with kosher salt.
Cool on wire rack or serve warm.
When baking the second pan, don’t forget to put the oven back to 425 degrees.


In a large skillet or sauté pan, heat two tablespoons of butter and two tablespoons of oil over medium high heat.
Add both peppers and onion and cook ten minutes, stirring every few minutes.
Add potatoes, garlic, salt and pepper and cover. Lower heat to medium and cook ten more minutes, stirring every few minutes. Test potato doneness and cook longer if not fully cooked.
Remove lid, add remaining butter and oil and raise heat to high.
Cook for about two minutes until the mixture is crispy.
Add more salt and pepper to season if desired. Serve immediately.


Place hot 
Divide the cheese curds evenly, placing them on top of the fries.
Spoon the hot 


In a large non-stick sauté pan, melt butter in oil over medium high heat.
Once butter has melted, add potatoes and cover the pan.
Reduce to medium to medium high and sauté Simply Potatoes Diced Potatoes with Onions until tender, about 12-15 minutes. Stir every 3-4 minutes.
Remove lid and turn heat to high and cook until the potatoes are crisp and golden brown. Remove from heat.
While potatoes are cooking, heat gravy and shred turkey into gravy. Heat the mixture to serving temperature.
To serve, divide potatoes between four servings, top with turkey and gravy and sprinkle the cheese curds over the top and serve.


Beat first 4 ingredients in a large bowl with whisk for 2 minutes. (Mixture will be thick.) Stir in COOL WHIP.
Spoon into dessert glasses (or use a piping bag as we did). Refrigerate for 4 hours.
Meanwhile, toss nuts with butter and sugar. Sprinkle nut mixture over desserts just before serving.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
Add vanilla and 2 eggs and beat until combined.
In a separate bowl, sift flour and salt and slowly add to the wet while the mixer is at low speed until combined.
Beat the mixture on low until a smooth dough ball forms. (May need to switch to dough hook if the mixture binds the motor of the mixer, or knead by hand)
Cover the bowl with plastic and let sit at room temperature for one hour.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Divide the dough in half then in half again and form into four fat logs. Cut each log in half and in half again and then cut each piece in half to yield 8 pieces per log, 32 pieces total.
Roll to pencil thin about 10 inches long with the center fat and the ends tapered.
Bring the two ends towards you and twist them twice then fold the twisted ends up and connect to the center as you widen the circle to form a pretzel shape. (See photos above). Leave them on your counter as you finish all 32. (Don’t put on pans yet)
Mix turbinado sugar with chopped nuts and pour onto a plate.
Beat remaining egg with a teaspoon of water and brush the tops of each pretzel a few at a time.
Then dip the wet part of the pretzel into the nuts and sugar and place sugar side up on a parchment lined sheet pans about an inch apart. (16 per pan)
Bake for about 25-27 minutes or until light golden brown.
Remove from oven and spray with pan spray and sprinkle on Kosher salt.
Cool on racks.


Place the potato in the microwave and cook on high for five minutes. Remove skin and cool completely. It is imperative that the cooked potato is refrigerated and cooled completely before continuing this recipe. Place the chilled potato in a small bowl and mash the flesh. Add the cold buttermilk and mix very well. Hold in the refrigerator until needed.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Cut the butter, place on a plate and put in your freezer while you measure out the flour and other ingredients.
In the food processor, add flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, cayenne, salt and pepper. Pulse four times to blend dry ingredients.
Add the cold butter from the freezer (not frozen) one piece at a time so every piece is covered in flour. Pulse six times until the butter is the size of small peas.
Add potato-buttermilk mixture in dollops around flour mixture. Add basil, cheddar and ham and pulse just until a soft dough forms. (Pulse for about 10, two second pulses.)
Pour out onto a floured surface and gently pat down and fold in half three times. Then roll to one inch thick and with a 2 ½ inch cutter, cut straight down and pull straight up. Repeat until there is no room to make a full round shape. Pull up dough scraps and roll back out for a second cutting. The remaining scraps should be discarded. One recipe should yield a dozen small biscuits.
Place biscuits on parchment lined sheet pan well separated and bake 16 – 18 minutes turning the pan once halfway through. (They must not be placed too close together. Because they are dense, they need heat around all sides to rise properly) When done, biscuits should be puffed and slightly browned on top. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes and serve with butter.


Let dough come up to room temperature and rest in a warm place for one hour covered with a piece of plastic and a dish towel. The link to the perfect pizza dough makes six 7-ounce balls so adjustments will need to be made.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees or higher, if your oven gets that hot, and place a pizza stone on bottom rack.
Sprinkle a little flour on your board and cut dough in half. Each half will be one pizza.
Roll out or press by hand into a 12 – 14 inch circle.
Sprinkle corn meal on your pizza peel and place the rolled out dough round onto the peel.
Spread half of the fig jam almost to the edges of the dough. Sprinkle half of the cheese over the fig jam. Sprinkle half of the prosciutto over the cheese.
Slide the dough onto the preheated pizza stone and bake for six to seven minutes. Use a pair of long handled tongs to peek under pizza to see if it is properly browned. If your oven gets hotter than 500 degrees, it may cook in as little as five to six minutes.
Remove the pizza from the oven and onto a cutting board and sprinkle half of the arugula on top. Drizzle with the Balsamic Cream.
Repeat the process using the other half of the ingredients for the second pizza.


In a small bowl, whisk together the oil, lemon zest and lemon juice. Set aside.
In another bowl, mix the goat cheese and garlic together until well blended. Set aside.
Spread a layer of the goat cheese mixture on each piece of prosciutto, then spread a layer of fig preserves over the goat cheese and top with a few arugula leaves to cover the preserves. Drizzle some of the vinaigrette down the length of the prosciutto and add a light sprinkle of ground black pepper.
Roll the prosciutto up around the filling and arrange on a platter, seam side down. Garnish with a slice of lemon if you wish.


In a small pan, bring vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper to a boil then reduce to a simmer and cook until the liquid has reduced to about ⅓ cup, about five or six minutes. Add a little water if it is too thick when done.
Cut the cantaloupe the long way vertically, and seed. Take one half and slice a small piece off one end so it will stand upright. Then with a sharp knife, run between meat and skin and discard skin. Repeat for other half. Then lay the cleaned melon half seeded side down and make thin slices from one end to the other. Then lay each slice flat and with your knife or a paring knife, follow the contour of the slice and cut into strips so when you are done, the strip resembles a piece of linguini. Repeat for all slices and both halves and place in the refrigerator.
Take each zucchini and nip off both ends. Divide each zucchini in quarters and wrap each quarter with two slices of prosciutto covering the zucchini surface. Repeat for all pieces.
In a large sauté pan, heat oil over medium heat and place prosciutto wrapped zucchini in. (you will need to cook in batches).
Brown each side (three sides) for about 2 minutes on each side or until they brown. The zucchini will not be cooked through but that is what we want in this dish. Repeat for the remaining pieces.
To serve, pile the melon like pasta on four plates, place four pieces of the browned wrapped zucchini over the melon pasta and drizzle some of the balsamic reduction over the top of each. Then sprinkle with the chopped mint or parsley.


The night before, cut the 24 corn tortilla rounds into eight pie sized wedges. Lay out on racks and let sit uncovered overnight to get stale (they will curl up). The next day once stale, heat vegetable oil to 350 degrees in a heavy bottomed pan such as a cast iron skillet. In small batches cook chips just for 15-30 seconds until they brown and then remove with a strainer to waiting paper towels to drain. They will brown very quickly so watch these closely. Set aside.
In a medium sauce pan, heat olive oil and cook onions and peppers over medium heat for about four minutes or until slightly tender. Add garlic and cook for one more minute. Add the remaining sauce ingredients and bring to a boil then simmer for five minutes. Keep covered and warm on a low burner.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Heat pulled chicken to hot in a covered sauce pan and keep covered and warm.
Have all other ingredients ready and oven heated.
In a large flat pan (we used a paella pan but any oven proof low wide pan will work including a 14 inch oven proof skillet), add cooked corn chips, cover with reserved sauce, cover with reserved pulled chicken and top with shredded jack cheese.
Bake for only five minutes. Pull from oven and top immediately with queso fresco, onions, cilantro and hot sauce or crema of your choice and serve.


Warm shells slightly in a moderate oven, and then fill each one dividing the chicken, cheese and toppings between them, or allow your family or guests to assemble themselves.
Serve with shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, 
Drizzle with our homemade 


To prepare the brine, mix all of the brine ingredients in a bowl and stir until the salt dissolves. Place pork in a large container and pour brine over pork, making sure the meat is completely submerged. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours.
Preheat oven to 225 degrees.
Remove pork from the brine, rinse and pat dry with paper towels. Place pork fat side up in a roasting pan - making sure that the pan is large enough to allow for some air on all sides of the pork for even cooking in the oven.
Pour the rub all over the pork using your hands to completely cover the pork.
Place a probe thermometer into the thickest part of the meat without touching bone and set the thermometer to alarm at 200 degrees internal temperature of the meat.
Place uncovered in the center of the oven. When the internal temperature of the meat reaches 200 degrees (about 8 ½ hours), turn oven off, cover pan with foil and leave pork in the oven with the heat off until internal temperature drops below 175 degrees (approximately two additional hours).
While the roast is cooling, prepare the 
Remove the pork from the oven.
Begin by removing the top fat cap and bone from pork and discard.
Shred remaining roast with two forks.
Scrape up any brown bits from bottom of pan and mix them into pulled pork. (This adds great flavor.)
Place shredded pork on good bulkie rolls, top with a tablespoon or two of the 


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Prepare a 9-inch springform pan for baking in a 
To prepare the crust, combine crumbs, sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. Add melted butter and mix to combine well. Press mixture into the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan. Set aside.
To prepare the filling, with a mixer, beat the cream cheese until very smooth. Add pumpkin puree, eggs, egg yolk, sour cream, sugar and spices and stir to combine. Add flour and vanilla. Beat together until well combined.
Pour pumpkin mixture into the prepared springform pan. Spread out evenly.
Place the springform pan in a baking pan large enough to hold the springform pan and also large enough to allow for water to surround the springform pan. Add about an inch of very hot water to the baking pan so it surrounds the pan.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for one hour. Remove from the oven and the water bath and allow the cheesecake to cool to room temperature. Cover with plastic wrap but do not let the plastic wrap touch the top of the cheesecake or it will stick and peel the top layer. Refrigerate for 4 hours or overnight.


In a large pot, heat pancetta and 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat until pancetta is crisp, five to ten minutes.
Add garlic, onions, celery and carrot and cook for five minutes.
Add stock, diced pumpkin, diced potato, chopped parsley, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, salt, pepper, coriander garam masala, creamed corn, frozen corn and pumpkin puree. Bring to a boil and simmer ten minutes or until vegetables are tender.
While soup is cooking, in a medium sauce pan, place last two tablespoons of butter and melt over medium heat. Add flour and cook for two to three minutes until raw flour smell is gone. Add a few ladles full of the soup to the cooked butter and flour and stir to form a thick mixture then pour this into the soup and stir.
Add heavy cream, stir and check for seasoning.
If you purchased raw pumpkin seeds, place them in a dry pan and heat over medium high for five or so minutes to toast.
Serve soup with toasted pumpkin seeds.


On a cutting board, remove corn kernels from cob and set aside.
In a medium bowl, beat eggs and add milk, buttermilk and pumpkin puree and whip until smooth.
With a wooden spoon, stir in corn.
In a separate bowl sift flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt to combine.
With wooden spoon, stir dry into wet.
Heat a cast iron skillet or other heavy bottomed pan and fill to one inch with the oil. Heat to 325 degrees. Heating the oil to the correct temperature and keeping it there is crucial. If the heat is too high, the fritters will get too dark before the inside is cooked and if the heat is too low, the fritters will absorb some of the oil and be greasy. I used a candy thermometer to maintain the correct heat.
Cooking in batches, with a small one ounce scoop, scoop batter into hot oil pressing each one down as you go with the back of the scoop. Because of the pumpkin puree, the batter is dense and needs to be flattened out a bit to cook evenly.
Cook for a total of five minutes flipping a few times to brown evenly.
Remove to paper towels to drain.
Serve with optional powdered sugar and pure maple syrup.




In a medium bowl place oats, pumpkin, vanilla, honey and eggs and beat with a whisk until combined. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to let the oats absorb some of the wet pumpkin ingredients.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large bowl combine flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and pumpkin pie spice. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, add butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar and beat with a paddle to combine.
Add the oat and pumpkin mixture and beat to combine.
With mixer running on low, slowly add the flour mixture until combined.
Add chocolate chips and chopped walnuts and mix just a few turns to combine.
Line four cookie trays with parchment paper.
Using a 3 ounce scoop, scoop out dough and place eight per tray evenly spaced. I ran the rows front to back with two, then one, then two then one and then two.
Wet your hands and press each cookie down to ¾ of an inch thick. (If you are making a smaller 1 ½ ounce cookie, this step is not necessary)
Bake for nine minutes, rotate pan and bake for nine more. If making the smaller cookie, bake for 12 to 14 minutes, rotating half way through baking time.
Ovens are different so check as you get close to the end time. They are done when the bottoms are brown and the tops turn from a dark brown to a lighter brown and they have puffed up.
Let sit out of oven on the pan for ten more minutes, and then remove to a rack to cool.


In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat together the softened butter, pumpkin puree and maple syrup. Mix until thoroughly combined. Set aside.
In a large bowl, combine flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and baking powder. Stir with a whisk until well mixed.
Make a well in the center of the bowl with the dry ingredients and add the beaten egg and oil. Add 1 cup of milk and start whisking the wet ingredients together, slowly incorporating the dry ingredients from the sides of the bowl until fully combined.
Add the pumpkin puree and mix well again – adding more milk as necessary to get a thick but pourable batter.
Heat a flat griddle over medium-low heat and grease well (we use a pastry brush to evenly coat the griddle with canola oil). The griddle is hot enough when a drop of batter immediately sizzles on it.
Using a ¼ cup measure, ladle the batter onto the hot griddle – this should make about a 4-inch round pancake. Cook the pancake for about 2-3 minutes (until the edges are set), then flip and cook for another 2-3 minutes. Repeat with the rest of the batter.
Serve immediately with a spoonful of the Maple Pumpkin Butter on top.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper (or lightly grease the cookie sheet if you don’t have parchment paper).
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine pumpkin, caramel sauce, sugar, oil, vanilla and egg. Mix until well combined.
In a separate bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. In a small bowl, dissolve the baking soda with the milk. Add both the dry flour mixture and the wet baking soda mixture to the pumpkin mixture. Mix well.
Add in the toffee bits and nuts and stir until evenly combined.
Using a medium cookie scoop, drop mounds of the cookie dough on the prepared cookie sheets.
Bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool slightly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.


In a medium bowl, sift flour, salt, baking powder and pumpkin spice and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream butter, white sugar and molasses until fluffy, about 3-4 minutes.
Add egg and beat for 30 seconds. Scrape sides of bowl and mix again.
Add pumpkin puree and beat until mixed.
Add dry ingredients on low speed until thoroughly mixed. The dough will be sticky but easier to manage once they firm up under refrigeration.
Divide dough into four logs, eight inches long. Seal each one in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 60 minutes or longer.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
On a cutting board, unwrap then cut a log in half and half again. Then cut each quarter into thirds, yielding 12 cookies. Repeat for other three logs for 48 pieces. The dough will still be a bit sticky but easier to handle once rolled in the Demerara sugar.
Pour the Demerara sugar into a pie plate. Line four cookie sheets with parchment paper or if nonstick, no parchment needed.
Roll each slice in the sugar on the edges and both sides, pressing down slightly and then place on the pans; 12 per pan.
Bake one pan 12 to 13 minutes until cookies start to dry out around the edges but are still soft in the middle. Ours took exactly 12 minutes but ovens differ and cookie sheets differ. Repeat for the other three pans. When they come out, let them sit on the pan for five minutes then transfer to cooling racks using a spatula to remove them.
Cool completely. Once they are cooled, they will be firmer and easier to handle but they are a delicate cookie so be gentle.


In a medium to large heavy bottomed pot, heat olive oil over medium high heat. Add onions, bell pepper, and jalapeños and sauté for three minutes.
Add garlic, cumin, chili powder, oregano, salt and pepper. Cook for one more minute.
Add ground beef breaking beef up with wooden spoon. Cook until the beef is no longer pink.
Add tomatoes and stir. Reduce to medium low and cook uncovered for 30 minutes stirring occasionally. Add beans and bring back to serving temperature.
Add additional cumin, chili powder, salt or pepper if needed, and serve with shredded cheddar cheese on top.


After cutting the chicken into strips, sprinkle both sides of each strip with the salt and pepper.
If cooking orzo or rice, prepare that now.
In a large sauté pan, heat two tablespoons of the olive oil of very high heat.
Once the pan is smoking hot, add half the chicken, laying them in the pan one at a time. Brown on one side for about a minute and with tongs, flip and brown the other side, again for about one minute. Transfer to a platter but do not not stack them or let them get too crowded in the pan or they will steam a bit and get chewy. Repeat for the second half of the chicken and set the cooked chicken aside.
Lower heat to medium to medium high and add the rest of the oil. Place the shallots, grapes, whole rosemary and whole thyme into the hot oil. Sauté this mixture about 2 minutes or until the shallots start to get soft and the grapes start to split.
Add vermouth or wine and scrape bottom with a wooden spoon.
Add the chicken back in along with any juice on the platter and toss the mixture and cook just until everything is hot then remove from the heat. Remove and discard whole rosemary and whole thyme.
Serve over hot orzo or rice with a little spoon of pan juices over each portion.
If using optional chopped parsley, sprinkle that over each portion and serve.


Place all poaching liquid ingredients except the chicken breasts in a 3-4 quart pan with a tight-fitting lid.
Bring to a boil and place chicken in liquid. Reduce heat to low and cover.
Poach chicken for 10-15 minutes or until no longer pink in center. (Chicken will continue to cook once removed from liquid so remove to a platter just before fully cooked.)
Cool and shred chicken with two forks and refrigerate until needed.
In a medium sauce pan with a tight-fitting lid, add oil and heat over medium heat. Once hot add scallions. Stir and cook for two minutes.
Add quinoa and stir and cook for one minute.
Add vegetable broth and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce to low and cook for 15 minutes.
As soon as the quinoa is cooked, stir in the two cups of baby kale and let sit for five minutes covered.
Remove to a platter and chill.
Mix all of the dressing ingredients except the oil in a small bowl with a wire whisk.
Slowly add in the oil while whisking.
In a large bowl mix cooked shredded chicken, cooked quinoa, cucumbers, tomatoes and dressing.
Place a small handful of baby kale on each serving plate and top with the chicken and quinoa mixture and serve with wheat crackers on the side.


In a medium-sized pan with a tight-fitting lid, brown orzo in dry pan over medium heat. After about five minutes, or until pasta is browned, remove pasta to a dish and hold.
Over medium high heat, melt butter in oil and add scallions, carrots and browned orzo. Cook for two minutes and add garlic, quinoa, stock, salt, pepper and bay leaves. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to a low simmer and cook 20 minutes.
After 20 minutes remove from heat but leave covered for an additional 10 minutes.
Stir in chopped parsley and serve.


Bring quinoa, water and stock to a boil in a small to medium covered pan. Lower heat and simmer 12 minutes. Turn off burner and leave covered for 15 minutes. Fluff with fork and lay out flat on a plate or tray and refrigerate until chilled. Fluff with fork again.
Add cooked quinoa to a medium bowl and add all other ingredients. Mix and serve immediately, or store overnight refrigerated to allow flavors to blend together even more.


Bring chicken stock to a boil in a small to medium sauce pan. Add quinoa, reduce to medium low, cover and cook 12 minutes on a low boil. Remove from heat, leave cover on and time 15 more minutes. Remove cover and fluff with fork. Set aside.
Preheat broiler for final step.
While Quinoa is cooking, melt butter in a large oven proof skillet with high sides. Add oil, onions and garlic and sauté over medium high for three minutes.
Add cut up chicken and stir. Cook, stirring occasionally for five minutes or until chicken is partially cooked and is still soft when pushed. Add all of the spinach and keep mixing and turning until the spinach is submerged and starts to wilt, about one minute.
Add salt, pepper, heavy cream, cream cheese, Romano, ½ cup of the Parmesan and 1 cup of the mozzarella cheese. Stir this mixture and cook until fully heated through and the cheese has melted.
Dissolve the 2 tablespoons of corn starch in ¼ cup of water and drizzle a teaspoon at a time into hot mixture stirring and checking as it thickens. (Note: A corn starch slurry does not thicken right away, so you need to stir and wait 30 seconds after you add each teaspoon. The sauce should be similar to a thin pancake batter consistency.) Add the drained artichokes and gently stir.
Remove from the heat and stir in the quinoa. Then sprinkle the top with the remaining Parmesan and mozzarella cheese. Place under the broiler just long enough to brown the top, about one to two minutes.


Place six slices of crustless bread in a large bowl and pour milk and ½ cup Hidden Valley® Ranch Buffalo dressing over bread. Turn pieces of bread over a few times so they get coated and soak in the liquid. Set this aside.
In a medium sauté pan over medium high heat, place oil, celery, onions and garlic and sauté for 5 minutes until tender. Remove from heat to cool.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Place salt, pepper, eggs, Romano cheese and bread crumbs in the bowl with the bread and whip to combine to a smooth paste.
Stir in sauted vegetables.
Add chicken and blue cheese and gently mix to combine.
Place a sheet of parchment paper over a sheet pan.
Pour meat mixture onto parchment paper and shape into a neat loaf using a spatula to smooth tops and sides.
Pour the ½ cup of Hidden Valley® Ranch Buffalo dressing over top and spread to edges top and sides.
Bake uncovered for one hour or until the internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F.
Loosely cover with foil and let rest 15 minutes. The internal temperature will rise to 165 degrees F.
Slice and serve with additional Hidden Valley® Ranch Buffalo dressing, crumbled blue cheese and celery sticks.


The day before, butterfly chicken breasts so that they are mostly the same thickness and place into a gallon zip lock bag. Mix the marinade ingredients and place into a ziplock bag with the chicken and refrigerate overnight or for at least six hours.
When ready to grill, wipe away most of the marinade and discard. Set chicken aside to grill after the corn.
Heat a ribbed grill pan over medium to medium high heat and spray with pan spray. Place both ears of corn onto the heated pan and grill just long enough to add char marks. Remove and cut corn from cob then set aside.
Spray the pan again, reduce to medium heat and add chicken, cooking for four to five minutes per side or until cooked through. Remove from the pan to a cutting board and cool to room temperature. Once cool, cut into strips and set aside.
While chicken is grilling, cook bacon in a sauté pan or griddle until crispy. Remove to paper towels then cut into bite sized pieces and set aside.
Leave bacon fat in pan and leave heat on. Place corn tortilla strips into hot grease and toss with tongs, cooking until crispy, about two minutes. Remove to paper towels to drain. Set aside.
To assemble, either layer all ingredients into a bowl or platter and serve dressing on the side, or combine everything into a large bowl and toss with dressing.


Place the thawed berries into a small bowl along with ⅛ cup of the sugar. Using the back of a large spoon, mash the berries against the side of the bowl until you have a purée and stir to mix well with the sugar. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, pour in the heavy cream and remaining ¼ cup of sugar. Whip on high until stiff peaks form.
Fold the raspberry purée into the whipped cream in spoonfuls, stirring just until you see ribbons of raspberry throughout the whipped cream. (If you want, you can hold back stirring in some of the raspberry purée to get the ribbon effect you desire, and use any leftovers as a topping.)
Spoon into individual serving glasses and chill 1 hour before serving.


Place all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth.
Add additional nectar/juice if needed to reach your desired consistency.
Garnish with additional raspberries before serving if desired.


Preheat your grill to medium hot or your oven to 425 degrees.
Wash and dry potatoes and then toss in a bowl with two tablespoons of olive oil along with ½ teaspoon of salt.
If cooking on the grill, place them on an upper rack or on the cooler side of your grill and cover grill. If using oven, pour them on a sheet pan and place in oven.
Roast for about 20 minutes for the really small ones and 25 minutes for the slightly larger ones.
Remove to your cutting board and with the back of a heavy spatula, press down slightly. One of the sides will burst and they should be about a half inch thick once pressed.
Heat a cast iron skillet either over the hottest part of your grill or on top of the stove and melt butter with one tablespoon of olive oil.
Place flattened potato coins in butter/oil mixture and cook at about medium high for approximately 2-4 minutes on each side or until crisp and golden on both sides. Season with pepper and additional salt only if needed.
Remove to serving platter and top with chopped parsley.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 12-cup bundt pan and set aside.
In a bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together butter and sugar, mixing at medium speed for about 5 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Add the red food coloring, vanilla extract, butter flavored extract, buttermilk and sour cream. Mix again until combined.
At a low speed, slowly add in the flour mixture until combined, being careful not to over mix.
Pour the batter into the prepared bundt pan and bake for 45-50 or until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean. Remove from oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Then invert the cake onto a wire rack to cool completely.
Be sure to cool completely before decorating.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the cream cheese and butter until smooth and creamy. Add in the vanilla extract and mix again.
Slowly mix in the confectioner’s sugars and mix until well blended.
Divide the frosting into two separate bowls – ⅓rd of the frosting into one bowl and ⅔rd of the frosting into the other bowl.
Add red food coloring to the smaller amount of frosting, mixing well to a dark red.
Add green food coloring to the larger amount of frosting, mixing well to create a darker leaf green color.
Fill the large piping bag with green frosting but do not put a tip on the bag. Squeeze the tip of the bag so that the frosting pushes back in the bag away from the tip. Then carefully cut each side of the tip of the bag so you are left with an open, V-shaped end. Pipe large leaves around the cake – leaving about 3-4 inches of the cake undecorated (you will decorate that space with a bow). To make the leaves, squeeze and pull the bag towards you and then slightly forward a few times to make ripples in the leaf shape (If you just pull as you squeeze, the leaf will look flat). Then pull to a point and disconnect the tip from the leaf. If the tip of the leaf is not pointy enough, just pinch gently with your thumb and index finger.
(Here is a 
Once you are done piping the leaves, place a small amount of the red frosting in a small piping bag fitted with a small round tip. Pipe small red berries at the base of each green leaf.
Place the remaining red frosting in a small piping bag fitted with a large flat tip. Pipe the red bow onto the cake in the open spot without the green leaves.
Evenly place 6 PEEPS® Red Velvet Flavored Marshmallows Dipped in Cream Flavored Fudge around the top of the cake, using a dollop of leftover frosting to secure the bottom PEEPS onto the cake.
Decorate the serving plate with additional PEEPS® Red Velvet Flavored Marshmallows Dipped in Cream Flavored Fudge if desired.


Cook bacon until crisp and remove from pan. Save the rendered bacon fat.
In a medium bowl, mix paprika, brown sugar, coffee granules, oregano, salt and pepper. Add beef and gently work spices in with beef. Do not over mix. Form into two patties.
Heat two pans over medium heat. Brush some bacon fat in each pan. Add the burgers to one and cook for 2-3 minutes on one side and flip while toasting the rolls in the other. Remove rolls once done and brush in more bacon fat. Once you turn the burger, cook two eggs in the pan you just toasted the rolls in to your desired level of doneness. Cook the burgers as you like them and add two slices of American cheese just before fully cooked. Leave burgers in pan just long enough to melt cheese.
To serve, spread mayonnaise on rolls, then cheeseburgers, egg and finally bacon. Cover with roll top and serve with hot brewed coffee.


Cover the inside of a 9x9-inch baking pan with plastic wrap. Set aside.
Whip the 1½ cups heavy cream until it holds peaks. Set aside in refrigerator while preparing the rest of the filling.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat cream cheese until smooth. Add sugar and mix until blended. Add peanut butter and vanilla, mixing well. (Scrape the sides of the bowl as needed to ensure that the ingredients are fully blended.)
Fold whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture, blending well.
Pour peanut butter mixture into prepared pan and smooth out top.
Press Reese’s minis into filling by making four rows of four. Then insert the remainder between each group of four until you have used up all 25 pieces. Cover with plastic and freeze for at least two hours.
In a food processor, place the Fast Break bars, the graham crackers and the peanut butter. Process until the mixture is pureed but still slightly grainy in texture with small pieces of the Fast Break bar still visible.
Remove the pan from the freezer (after freezing for two hours) and press the Fast Break layer over the first layer. Smooth to even out. Cover and place back in the freezer for at least another hour.
Remove from the freezer and run a knife along the sides to loosen, then invert the pan onto a cutting board. Tap the bottom a little and it should slide right out. If not, pull a little on the plastic wrap to pull it out.
Once it is out, remove and discard plastic. Cut into 16 even pieces with a sharp long knife. (4X4).
Now working quickly, force a Popsicle stick into the end of each one. If you hit a Reese’s mini as you push the stick in, just make a quick incision with a paring knife first then push the stick in. Place the 16 squares with the sticks on a tray that will fit in your freezer and freeze for at least an hour more.
When you are ready to coat with chocolate, place Hershey’s chocolate chips and coconut oil in a microwaveable deep bowl and microwave on high for 30 seconds. Stir and microwave for a few more seconds until the chips have all melted.
Remove peanut butter pops from freezer and dip one at a time into chocolate. Hold the dipped pop over the bowl for a few seconds while the chocolate crust hardens and then place the pop back on the pan. Once all pops have been dipped, return to the freezer until ready to serve.
(If more of the chocolate coating is needed to cover all of the pops, just follow the same process using one cup of chips to 1 ¼ tablespoons of coconut oil.)


In a large sauté pan over medium heat, cook pancetta in canola oil. Cook pancetta until crisp.
Add onion and sauté 3-5 minutes until onions become tender.
Add garlic and cook 1 minute.
Add in all other ingredients and cook five minutes.
Puree half the mixture with an emulsion blender and cook 2 more minutes.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a medium skillet over medium heat, sauté onion, shallot, crushed celery seed and crushed caraway seed in olive oil for five minutes. Add two tablespoons of water and cook to evaporate water. Add chopped corned beef, pastrami and cream and cook until almost all of the cream has evaporated, maybe two to three minutes.
Remove to a medium bowl and add cream cheese and stir to melt and mix the cream cheese in.
Add mayonnaise, ketchup, both relishes and well drained sauerkraut. Stir to combine and remove from heat
Reserve ½ cup of the shredded Swiss and mix the remainder into the mix and stir.
Pour the mixture into a low flat casserole dish.
Mix the remaining Swiss with the cheddar and top the dish.
Slice the marble slices into three or four strips each and lay out on a sheet pan (36 to 48 strips). Brush both sides with melted butter.
Place bread strips and dip into oven and cook for 15 minutes. Remove bread, turn each piece and bake bread and dip an additional 15 minutes.
Remove dip and bread strips and if necessary, place dip under broiler to brown top. Serve hot dip with the marble rye or pumpernickel crisps.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a Dutch oven over medium heat, dry toast the raw orzo stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until a light walnut color (3 to 4 minutes). Remove orzo to a bowl and set aside.
Add the olive oil and butter. Once the butter is melted, add the onions and rice. Sauté for five minutes stirring occasionally or until onions are translucent. If the rice starts to get brown, remove from heat before you proceed to next step.
Add garlic and stir for one minute. Then add bay, thyme, pepper and browned orzo. Stir and add 
Stir once, cover and place in the oven for 30 minutes untouched.
Remove from the oven and discard bay leaves. Fluff rice with a wooden spoon and taste. Add salt to taste, as needed.


In a sauté pan, cook bacon until crisp. Let cool, then crumble and set aside. Chop parsley and chives and set aside.
Peel potatoes and place in a medium to large pot of salted water. (Note: Because you will be using this same pot to sauté the potatoes after they are boiled, the pot should be nonstick and be large enough so all of the potatoes touch bottom, are not piled on top of each other, and the water should just cover the tops of the potatoes.)
Bring the pot to a boil over high heat and once boiling, lower to a slow boil and cook ten minutes.
Gently drain the potatoes into a colander. Place four tablespoons of the butter into the empty pot and gently pour hot potatoes over the melting butter. Cover and bring heat to medium low and cook ten more minutes without removing lid. Melt the remaining two tablespoons of butter and hold.
Remove lid and turn heat to high and add salt and pepper. At this point, be very gentle as you cook and turn so that the potatoes stay whole. With two wooden spoons, gently turn and brown the potatoes over the course of ten minutes in the hot butter. (Some might brown before others so have a serving bowl close by and pluck out the browned potatoes as you go. This method will ensure an even browning without breaking up the potatoes.) Try not to shake the pan as the potatoes brown.
As soon as the last potato is browned, pour the reserved melted butter over potatoes and sprinkle with the parsley and chives. Discard the browned butter in the pan.
Serve with cooked crumbled bacon, chopped scallions and queso fresco on the side, or sprinkle over the top of the potatoes and serve.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Remove netting from roast and discard. Open up lamb cut side up on your cutting board and sprinkle generously with salt and pepper.
In a small bowl, mix together zest, garlic, herbs and olive oil. Using your hands, spread all over inside cavity of lamb.
Fold open lamb back into a roast and place on board fat side up. Using good butcher’s twine, wrap and tie four or five wraps down the length of the roast. Make two more end to end.
Place fat side up in a baking dish.
In a small bowl, mix lemon juice, mustard, rosemary and olive oil. Mix to combine and spread all over the top of the roast.
Place meat thermometer in thickest part of roast and set temperature to alarm at 135. (Lamb should be served medium rare). Place in center rack of oven.
Roast at 400 degrees for 30 minutes then reduce oven to 325 and continue and cook for about another 60-90 minutes.
Once roast reaches 135, (about 2 hours) remove from oven, place on platter and loosely cover with foil however leave probe thermometer in so juices don’t leak out. Let rest 20 minutes before slicing.
Remove twine and slice. Serve with pan sauce, see below.
In a small sauce pan over medium heat, sauté shallots in olive oil 2-3 minutes or until tender. Set aside.
In the pan that was used to roast the lamb, drain off and discard all lamb fat and heat remaining cooked bits and liquid on top of stove over low flame. Add red wine and cooked shallots and scrape any bits from the bottom of the pan. Reduce wine mixture until almost all wine has evaporated.
Add in chicken stock and fresh herbs. Reduce by half.
Add in butter and stir into sauce. Remove from heat and taste. Use additional salt and pepper if needed. Strain sauce into gravy boat and discard solids.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Peel and seed the squash and cut into large bite size chucks. Coat with 2 tablespoons of olive oil, 1 teaspoon of the seasoned salt, and the rosemary and place on a sheet pan. Roast for 30 to 45 minutes until tender and caramelized. Turn squash half way through.
Coat shallots, peeled whole garlic and the remaining ½ teaspoon of seasoned salt with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and place on another sheet pan. Roast for 20-30 minutes turning half way through. (Note: The squash and the garlic can be roasted at the same time.)
When about 10 minutes remain until the roasted vegetables are caramelized, heat a large skillet over medium high heat and sauté chopped Swiss chard stems in the remaining tablespoon of olive oil. After 3 minutes, toss in the chopped chard leaves and chopped sage and cook for another 1-2 minutes, turning the chard as it cooks with a pair of tongs. Do not over cook.
Add in roasted vegetables, toasted pine nuts and cranberries. Toss over heat to incorporate ingredients for one more minute.
Remove from heat and add in crumbled goat cheese. Serve immediately.


Cut large parsnips or carrots in half lengthwise, otherwise leave whole. Cut all in half horizontally so they are all half size. In order for the vegetables to cook correctly, they need to be uniform in size. Place all in a large bowl.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a large saute pan, place ¼ cup of olive oil, garlic, leeks, whole rosemary sprig, salt, pepper, wine and water. Cook over medium high for five minutes stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and discard rosemary. The leeks will be soft.
Pour cooked leeks over vegetables along with two tablespoons of olive oil and the minced rosemary and toss.
Pour out onto a sheet pan in a single layer and roast for 15 minutes. Flip vegetables and roast for about 10-15 minutes more until browned and tender.


If brining - the day before, bring water, salt, sugar, rosemary and peppercorns to a boil in a large pot and boil 10 minutes.
Remove from heat and add the 2 quarts of ice water. Refrigerate until liquid is below 40 degrees F.
Place chicken pieces in zipper seal gallon-sized bags (2-3 bags).
Divide brine between bags. Place bags of sealed, brined chicken back into pot you used to make brine and place in refrigerator overnight. (You can use anything to hold the plastic bags but we used the pot that was used to make the brine in as it was the perfect size to hold all of the chicken).
The next day, about 90 minutes before serving, drain and discard brine.
Line a sheet tray with foil and place chicken on the pan. Pat both sides dry with paper towels. Run your fingers under the skin to loosen it from the flesh but still leave it attached on the sides and ends.
Mix spice blend by combining salt, pepper, rosemary, paprika and garlic powder.
Brush the skin side of the chicken with the oil and sprinkle the spice blend over the tops.
Heat a ribbed grill pan over medium high to very hot heat. In batches, sear chicken pieces on both sides to brown skin and give char marks. Remove to sheet pan.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Let chicken cool slightly until it is cool enough to touch.
Lift the skin that you loosened earlier and slide 
Place pan in oven and cook for 40-50 minutes or until fully cooked.
Serve immediately with a little of the pan drippings brushed over the tops.


In a medium bowl, mix flour, salt, yeast, agave and oil. Add water slowly until mixture is a firm but pliable dough similar in feel to a pizza dough, but slightly stiffer. You may not need all of the water. Knead for ten minutes, cover with plastic and a towel and let proof 90 minutes in a warm place. Alternatively, you can put the dough in the refrigerator and let sit overnight then bring to room temperature and continue with recipe.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Cut the dough in half and then roll out each half paper thin on a floured surface in the shape of a rectangle. This will require a few rest periods while the gluten relaxes. Let rest for five minutes one last time before transferring to each pan. Each rectangle should then fit in a parchment lined half sheet pan (12X16 ½). The dough does not have to touch the sides but does need to be really thin to get a cracker consistency when baked. If it hangs over, trim the edges.
Mist each dough rectangle slightly with water and then sprinkle about 1 tablespoon of caraway seeds and one teaspoon of salt over each pan. Then with a pizza wheel or sharp knife, make horizontal and vertical cuts to form each cracker. Don’t worry about perfection, these should be rustic looking and not evenly cut. Also don’t worry about cutting all the way through. Once they bake, they will snap at the seams.
Spray a tiny mist of pan spray over the tops just so the caraway seeds stick while baking. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes until browned and crispy. Let cool on pans for five minutes before removing.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Loosely wrap whole uncut eggplant in foil and place in oven and roast for one hour.
While eggplant is cooking, and in a small bowl, mix two tablespoons of the olive oil, diced leeks, smashed garlic, drained white beans, white wine vinegar, white wine, salt and pepper. Mix and pour into small pan and roast in oven when the eggplant has cooked for 35 minutes so that they both come out of the oven together. The leek and bean mixture will take 25 minutes, tossing once half way.
Remove both from oven. Let the eggplant cool enough to handle and cut off stem end. Slice vertically top to bottom so you have two halves. With a melon baller or spoon, remove and discard seed cavities. Then press down slightly so it lays flat and run your knife between the skin and the flesh. Remove flesh to a food processor. It may take a few swipes of the knife to remove the flesh, just keep the knife blade parallel with the cutting board. The usable amount of cooked eggplant will be about half of the original weight you started with.
Add the bean and leek mixture to the food processor with the eggplant.
Add one tablespoon of olive oil, parsley, thyme, mayonnaise and hot sauce. Pulse a few times, scrape the sides of the bowl and then puree for about 20-30 seconds. The mixture should be slightly lumpy so don’t over process.
Chill mixture until ready to serve then place in a bowl and drizzle the last tablespoon of olive oil over the top and serve with caraway crackers.


Cut off green tops from fennel and discard. Using a sharp knife, shave the outer bulb to trim off browned or tough outer skin to reveal inner tender part of bulb. Cut in half top to bottom and cut out core.
Using a mandolin, slice fennel into very thin slices, or slice extremely thin by hand.
Trim off tops and bottom of onion, remove peel and cut in half top to bottom. Repeat slicing the same thickness as the fennel.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add fennel and onion and bring back to a boil. Lower heat and boil gently (slightly more than a simmer) for five minutes. If your slices are a little thick, additional cooking may be needed until fennel is tender.
Pour into a colander to drain.
In a medium bowl, place fennel and onion and add olive oil, thyme, salt, pepper and ½ cup of the cheese. Mix to incorporate all ingredients. Divide mixture between four medium to large ramekins (we used flat crème brulee dishes), that have been sprayed with non-stick cooking spray, or place the entire mixture into a larger shallow casserole dish. Divide remaining Parmesan over the tops of the four portions (or casserole dish).
Place ramekins or casserole dish in oven and bake for 30 minutes or until hot and golden brown.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Cut potatoes into French-style strips.
In a large bowl, place all ingredients including potatoes and mix well.
Pour onto a sheet pan and roast for 15 minutes. Turn potatoes and roast for another 15-30 minutes until cooked and browned. Cooking time will vary depending on the thickness of the potatoes.
Serve with our 


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Cut top off the head of garlic (not root end). Place head in a small ramekin, cut side up. Pour the olive oil over cut top. Cover with foil and place in the oven and roast for 25-35 minutes until the garlic is soft.
Once cooked, pinch cooked garlic out of each clove.
In a food processor, place roasted garlic, 
Extremely slowly, dribble oil into the processor with the motor running. It is very important that you pour the oil in very slowly to ensure proper emulsification.
Adjust salt and pepper to taste.
Serve at room temperature. This aioli may be kept 5-7 days in the refrigerator.


Remove the net from the lamb roast and discard. With a sharp knife remove most of the visible fat and gristle but do not discard. Disconnect the two large sections of lamb from each other. One will be the top of the leg and the smaller piece will be the bottom of the leg. Butterfly each section so that when laid flat, each piece is fairly uniform in thickness.
On a cutting board place rosemary, mint, garlic, salt, pepper and lemon zest. Using the side of a knife, drag the blade over the mixture several times until you have a paste. (This does not have to be perfect). Put this in a small bowl along with 1 teaspoon of lemon juice and all of the olive oil.
Lay out the lamb and squeeze the remaining two teaspoons of lemon juice over both sides of both pieces. Next smear the paste over both sides of both pieces. Cover with plastic and let sit in the refrigerator for two hours.
Take the fat scraps and gristle and place in a small sauce pan with a quart of water and bring to a boil. Simmer until there is about two cups of liquid left. Discard scraps and save broth. The fat will rise to the top and congeal and both the fat and stock will be used later. Set mixture aside under refrigeration.
Preheat oven to 300 degrees.
Remove lamb from the refrigerator. Cover a sheet pan with foil and place a rack in the foil lined pan.
Heat a ribbed pan on stove top to smoking hot. Spoon one tablespoon of the lamb fat into hot pan. Sear each piece one at a time for two to three minutes on each side until nice and browned. Place on rack in prepared pan and place 
Remove from oven and let rest for 15 minutes. Leave probe in meat until ready to slice.
On a cutting board, slice the meat against the grain on the bias and serve with Israeli couscous and 
Note: The couscous can be started when the meat comes out of the oven since it only takes a about 10 minutes to cook.
In a medium sauce pan place dry couscous, lamb broth, lamb fat, salt and pepper. Cover and cook 8-10 minutes until tender. Remove from heat and stir in mint, rosemary, lemon juice and olive oil.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place cut potatoes, olive oil, white wine, thyme, salt and pepper in a bowl and toss to coat. Pour onto a sheet pan.
Roast for 30 minutes, then turn and roast for 15-20 minutes more or until potatoes are tender.
Heat butter and milk in microwave until milk is hot and butter is melted.
In a large bowl, add potatoes and milk mixture and mash with a potato masher.
Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a large roasting pan place potatoes, onion, garlic, butter and pepper. Place pan in oven and set timer for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, use a heavy spatula and turn potatoes. Roast for 15 more minutes. Turn again and cook for an additional 10-15 minutes being careful that nothing burns or sticks to bottom. Add a little more butter if needed towards the end. The potatoes should be tender and the onion not quite tender.
While the potatoes are roasting, prepare the potato for garnish by cutting thin waffle slices using a mandolin. Fry in 375 degree vegetable oil and set aside to drain. This step is optional.
Remove the pan from the oven and pour in some of the broth to deglaze the pan. Using the heavy spatula scrape everything from the bottom.
Pour entire contents of pan into a large pot along with remaining broth, water, Worcestershire sauce and rosemary. Cover and bring to a boil then simmer for 25 minutes.
Remove and discard rosemary.
With an emersion blender, puree mixture until completely smooth. At this point, if the soup is thick and creamy, cook no further. If it is still a bit loose, simmer for up to 15 minutes until the mixture is very thick. Ours was perfect without the additional cooking time.
Add cream and salt and pepper to taste.
To serve, place soup in bowl and top with a dollop of Crème Fraiche. Then sprinkle the chopped chives and finish with a few cooked waffle cut fried potatoes.


In a small fry pan with a tight fitting lid, heat oil and fresh thyme over medium low for ten minutes while covered. Discard thyme.
Place a very large oven-proof skillet or cast iron skillet into the oven and preheat oven to 450 degree F.
Trim ends off each radish and cut large ones in half but leave small ones whole. Place in a medium bowl.
Cut all other vegetables into a uniform size. Cut carrots and parsnip into thick coins, beet and turnip into similar sized pieces and place in bowl with radishes.
Place salt, pepper and infused oil in with vegetables and toss to combine.
Open oven door and carefully pour the vegetables into the scorching hot preheated skillet.
Cook for 15 minutes. Turn vegetables and cook for 10-15 more minutes until cooked through and starting to brown.
Remove from oven and serve immediately.


Place all ingredients in a food processor and puree until smooth, about 30-45 seconds.
Best served chilled.


Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
In a parchment lined sheet tray, layer bottom with sliced shallots. Place salmon skin side down over shallots. (If your salmon is skinned, place it skinned side down over shallots). Brush on oil and sprinkle salt, pepper and oregano over fish. Place a second piece of parchment paper over salmon, pressing parchment onto salmon surface.
Bake for 8 minutes and remove top parchment. Bake for an additional 6-9 minutes depending on the thickness of the salmon filets. They should be just cooked through.
While salmon is cooking, in a medium bowl, combine chopped tomatoes, chopped olives, lemon zest, lemon juice, parsley, salt and pepper. Stir to combine and hold until salmon is cooked.
To serve, place portions of salmon and on serving plates, top with cooked shallots and divide tomato relish over each portion and garnish with a lemon wedge.


Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Rinse the strawberries, then remove the stems and cut berries in half or quarters (depending on the size of your strawberries). Place cut strawberries in a bowl.
Sprinkle the sugar over the berries and stir to coat.
Pour the berries onto the prepared cookie sheet and bake for 15-20 minutes – turning halfway through the baking time – until the berries have given up some of their liquid and they are soft and tender.
Remove from the oven and carefully pour strawberries and juices into a jar or bowl. Cool before using.
Store covered in the refrigerator for 2-3 days.


Begin by placing a fine mesh strainer over a medium-sized bowl (or a large 
In a separate medium-sized bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Set aside.
In a saucepan, warm the milk, sugar and salt over medium heat and stir, heating the mixture until the sugar dissolves.
While whisking constantly, slowly pour the milk and sugar mixture into the bowl with the egg yolks and mix until well combined. Return the milk and egg mixture to the saucepan.
Heat the saucepan over medium heat and stir using a heat-proof spatula, scraping the sides and bottoms as needed. Heat until the mixture thickens and coats the spatula. (This will take less than 5 minutes - do not bring the mixture to a simmer or boil, or it will curdle.) Pour the thickened custard through the strainer and into the bowl.
Cover the bowl with a large piece of plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the custard. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the custard as it cools.) Refrigerate overnight.
Once chilled, whisk the crème fraîche into the custard. Pour the crème fraîche custard mixture into an ice cream maker and churn according to manufacturer’s instructions.
Just before the custard is done churning, pour in the Roasted Strawberries (including the sauce) and churn until well blended. Pour into a freezer-safe container and freeze until firm (about 6 hours).


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Cut each Roma tomato in half the long way. If using other tomato types, use a tomato corer 
In a large bowl place tomato halves, diced onion, optional anchovy filet, garlic, oregano, basil, mint, pepper flakes, marjoram, salt and oil. Toss to combine then pour out onto a sheet pan. Arrange tomato halves cut side up and roast uncovered for one hour. Remove from oven, flip tomatoes and roast for 30 more minutes.
(Note: different tomato varieties have different water content. The above step should be monitored. You are looking for a good deal of the water content to evaporate but not burn the tomatoes)
Using a food mill (
To the pureed tomatoes, add the tomato paste, agave nectar, onion powder, butter and parmesan cheese. Stir to combine and adjust seasoning. Use on your favorite pizza or freeze in small plastic bags for later use.


Place all ingredients into a medium sauce pan and bring to a boil.
Reduce to a low boil and boil covered for 20 minutes.
Once the sauce is done, puree with an immersion blender until smooth.
At this point you can jar the finished sauce and then seal using normal canning methods, or place in your refrigerator and use within two weeks.


Line an 8-inch square pan with foil, with ends of foil extending over sides. Microwave half the chocolate, 6 Tablespoons butter and water in a large microwavable bowl on HIGH for 2 minutes or until butter is melted; stir with whisk until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is well blended.
Add dry pudding mix; stir 2 minutes. Add sugar, 1 cup at a time, stirring after each addition until well blended. Press onto bottom of prepared pan.
Microwave remaining chocolate and butter in large microwaveable bowl for 1½ minutes or until butter is melted; stir until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is well blended. Spread over fudge layer in pan; sprinkle marshmallows and nuts. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until firm. Use foil handles to lift fudge from pan before cutting into squares.
Store cut-up fudge between sheets of waxed paper in an airtight container in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.


Unroll the piece of pancetta and chop into small pieces.
Heat olive oil in a medium sauté pan until hot. Add pancetta and cook over medium heat until crispy. Drain on paper towels and discard the fat.
Cut the iceberg half into three or four wedges (depending on the size of your head of lettuce) and arrange on salad plates. Arrange tomatoes slices around each wedge.
Pour 


Preheat oven to 350 degrees and place rack in the top third of your oven.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment (or by hand), beat eggs until light in color, about 2 minutes.
Add brown sugar and butter and beat until smooth.
Remove from mixer and add all other ingredients by hand with a heavy wooden spoon.
Line five cookie sheets with parchment paper and spray with kitchen pan spray.
Using a #40 scoop (one ounce of dough) scoop out 4 ½ dozen balls placing one dozen per pan and a half dozen on the last pan. Moisten fingers and flatten each ball to about half an inch thick and bake for 15-18 minutes per pan, rotating pan half way through if your oven does not bake evenly. Cookies will be slightly browned and no longer raw in center. I baked one pan at a time but if you do more than one at a time, you may need to increase baking time and rotate pans.
Cool on racks and store covered at room temperature.


In a food processor, place rosemary, salt and peppercorns. Blend for about one minute or until rosemary is chopped fine. Add shallots and blend again until shallots are minced fine. Add butter and blend to combine.
Cut two pieces of plastic wrap about eight inches long.
Divide the mixture between the two pieces and spread almost to each end in the shape of a log.
Roll into a log shape wrapping plastic around as you roll. Push ends in to form an even end then fold plastic under.
Refrigerate until hard, about one hour.
If you are using for a dish, remove plastic and cut into coins and either melt over the top of cooked roasted meats and fish or use as part of a recipe calling for compound butter. It can also be used to start a sauté in place of plain butter.
If you will not be using right away, line a pan with parchment paper. (The pan should fit in your freezer). Cut the hardened rolls into coins and lay out on parchment paper not touching. Place in freezer.
Once frozen, cut parchment into pieces that will fit in a gallon-sized zipper seal bag. Lift each piece with coins attached and layer in the zip lock bag. Keep frozen and just pull what you need for recipes.


Cut loaf in half and let each half come to room temperature in a warm draft free place for one hour. Press the dough out into an 8X10 rectangle using a rolling pin on a floured surface and let sit for ten minutes to relax. Do this two more times, covering each time it rests. Repeat for the other half so that they are both resting together.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees and place rack in center. If cooking both halves together, place two racks spaced evenly in center of oven.
Place dough on a parchment lined cookie sheet(s) .With your fingertips make indents all over the rolled out dough. Brush with half the oil and sprinkle the rosemary, half the cheese, pepper flakes and salt all over the top, right to edges.
Bake for 20-25 minutes until browned. Remove from oven and drizzle the remaining oil and Parmesan cheese. Sprinkle with additional salt only if needed. Cut into 6 to 8 pieces and serve.


Pick the meat from the cooked chicken and roughly cut up and set aside.
In a large dry skillet pan over medium high cook orzo until lightly browned; about 3 minutes stirring frequently.
Remove browned orzo to a bowl and add oil to hot pan.
Add carrots and onion and sauté for 4 minutes.
Add orzo back in along with stock, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Cover and reduce heat to a medium simmer and simmer to cook the orzo, about 8-10 minutes.
Uncover and add parsley, peas, and cream along with cooked chicken.
Increase heat and cook just to bring the dish to temperature and incorporate the ingredients.
Serve with grated Parmesan sprinkled over the top.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a medium pot, place all sauce ingredients except grapefruit sections. Bring to a boil and simmer for ten minutes then remove from heat.
Pat chicken dry then salt and pepper both sides.
In a large skillet or fry pan, melt butter in oil over medium high. When the butter starts to froth, place half the chicken pieces skin side down and cook four minutes. Flip and cook four more minutes (we recommend that you use a splatter screen to avoid a mess). Move seared chicken to a 9X13 baking dish skin up. Cook second half of chicken the same way and place in casserole dish with the first half.
Pour the sauce over the chicken and cover the pan with parchment paper then foil and bake for 30 minutes.
Remove from oven and discard paper and foil and cover the tops with the grapefruit sections and bake for 15 more minutes.
Serve chicken pieces with hot grapefruit sections and sauce over top.


Mix all ingredients in a bowl.
Dressing may be stored for up to a week refrigerated.




Prepare a partially-baked pie crust in a deep dish pie plate. (See 
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Dice the onion and sauté in a pan with the butter until the onions are soft and translucent. Cool slightly.
Stack the salami slices and cut into ½ inch pieces.
Sprinkle the salami pieces and the onion evenly into the bottom of the partially-baked pie crust. Sprinkle the grated cheese on top of the salami and onions.
In a bowl, beat the eggs. Add cream, salt, nutmeg and cayenne pepper and whisk to fully combine the custard mixture. Pour or ladle the custard into the prepared pie crust.
Bake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Lower the oven heat to 350 degrees and bake for 25-30 minutes more, or until a knife inserted into the center of the quiche comes out clean.
Let cool until the quiche sets up a bit (about 30 minutes) and serve in wedges.


In a medium sauté pan, melt butter in olive oil and cook onions for three minutes over medium heat. Remove from heat and add milk, cream, stock, Worcestershire sauce, thyme, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, pepper and the bread. Mix to combine letting bread soak up all liquid. Once mixture is completely cool, add beaten egg and stir again to dissolve bread and egg into mixture.
In a large bowl, combine three meats and add onion and bread mixture. Gently work mixture with your hands but do not over work the meat.
Form into five equal sized football shaped patties.
In a medium sauce pan, heat beef stock, cream, salt, pepper, thyme, Worcestershire sauce and Kitchen Bouquet. Hold on medium heat.
In a large skillet, heat 1 ounce of butter and olive oil over medium high heat. Once hot and frothy, add the five patties and cook about five minutes on each side. Gently remove to a platter. They will not be fully cooked at this point.
Add the onions to the pan and cook over same heat for one minute. Add the mushrooms and increase heat to almost high. Cook for four or five minutes until mushrooms are browned and have absorbed the liquid. Remove mushrooms to a bowl and hold.
Reduce heat to medium and add the remaining two tablespoons of butter. Once melted add flour and cook for four or five minutes until raw flour smell is gone. One third at a time add hot stock whisking with each third. Add reserved mushrooms and stir with wooden spoon. Add Salisbury steaks to sauce, along with any liquid from the platter and then spoon sauce over top of each steak. Cover pan and cook on medium low for 15-20 minutes or until a probe thermometer reaches 160 degrees when inserted into the center of one of the steaks.
Serve steaks with mashed potatoes and spoon mushroom sauce over both.


Place the potatoes and the parsnips in a bowl and cover with cold water. Do not discard the water.
In a large Dutch oven, sauté pancetta in olive oil over medium heat until browned and crispy, about ten minutes. Add leeks, onions, thyme, salt and pepper and stir. Cook over medium to medium high heat for three minutes. Add one tablespoon of flour and cook for one minute.
Add clam juice and stir. Then add all of stock and measure out and add one cup of the water that the parsnips and potatoes have been sitting in. Stir to combine.
Save the rest of the potato water in case you like the chowder thinner, otherwise discard rest of water. Add the potatoes and parsnips to the pot and bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer and simmer for ten to fifteen minutes or until vegetables are tender.
While vegetables are cooking, melt butter in a small pan and once melted, add remaining two tablespoons of flour. Cook over medium heat for about three to five minutes or until the mixture no longer smells raw. (This is called a roux and should smell like cooked chestnuts when done. The longer you cook a roux, the darker the sauce or soup will be.) Set aside.
Once vegetables are tender, add the roux and stir to thicken. Then add milk and cream and bring only to hot and not boiling so the cream does not separate. Add in the raw cubed salmon and just bring to serving temperature and remove from heat. Try not to break up the salmon as you stir. If you prefer thinner chowder, add a little more of the potato water and heat to serving temperature.
To serve, top each bowl with smoked salmon (optional).


Cover the potatoes with water in a medium pot and bring to a boil. Cook on a medium boil for 20-25 minutes or until fork tender.
While potatoes are cooking, remove Morey’s Seasoned Grill Atlantic Salmon from package. Place skin down on a cutting board. With a sharp long knife, run blade between salmon and skin and discard skin. Cut salmon into bite sized cubes and set aside.
Once potatoes are done, drain and remove skin. Cut potatoes into bite sized pieces and set aside.
In a large non-stick skillet, place two tablespoons of butter and pancetta and cook over medium high heat for about 4 minutes or until the pancetta is crisp.
Reduce heat to medium, add the scallions and green pepper and cook for about three minutes.
Add chives, capers, salt, pepper and remaining butter.
While the butter is melting, prepare to make the poached eggs by filling a separate large skillet ¾ full with water plus one tablespoon of white vinegar. Heat just until the water starts to bubble. Keep at a low simmer.
Crack the four eggs into four small ramekins and hold.
Once butter has melted, add potatoes and cook over medium until they start to crisp on the bottom, about five minutes.
Add salmon and with a spatula, gently turn and flip so that the salmon is mixed in with the other ingredients.
Cook for about two minutes and with the spatula, gently lift and turn to cook the other side. The mixture will be loose so it will take a few times to flip all of the ingredients. Don’t expect to do this step all at once.
Cook just until the salmon is cooked and a light crust has formed on the bottom.
Once you flip the salmon, place the four eggs into the hot water and cook until perfectly poached, about 3 minutes for runny yolks. Remove from pan with a slotted spoon and place on a dish towel to drain.
Remove both pans from heat.
To serve, use a spatula to remove each portion of hash to serving dishes then top with a poached egg.
Sprinkle the tops with minced chives and serve.


Place garlic, chili peppers, red onion and cilantro in food processor and pulse a few times until mixture is finely chopped.
Add the can of diced tomatoes, juice and all and give one quick pulse just to break up the large chunks of tomatoes. Pour into a bowl.
Add all other ingredients to the bowl and stir. Adjust heat by adding more 
Let mixture sit in the refrigerator for one hour to meld flavors.
Stir and serve with nacho chips.


Pour kosher salt onto a small, flat plate. Wet the rims of a highball glass (we use edge of the slices of grapefruit that we cut for garnishing), then gently dip the rim of the glass in the plate of salt – spinning slightly to coat the rim with salt.
Carefully fill the glass with ice cubes – being careful not to knock the salt off the rim of the glass.
Pour 2 parts vodka and 3 parts grapefruit juice over the ice. Stir gently to combine and serve.


Start by boiling enough water to cover the dry Pasilla pepper in a bowl and let it sit in hot water for ten minutes. Remove it from the water and discard the water, stem and seeds. Then with the back of a knife, scrape flesh from skin. Discard skin and the flesh removed should equal about 1 teaspoon. Set this aside.
In a large skillet, over medium high, heat olive oil then add sausage; breaking it up with your hands as you place it in the pan. Add onions and garlic to the sausage then cook until the onions are tender and the sausage partial browned. The sausage does not have to be fully cooked through at this point.
Add the sweet potato, diced tomato, tomato paste, currants, one teaspoon of the scraped Pasilla pepper flesh, salt, dry mustard, cumin, coriander, cilantro, sage and water. Bring to a boil, lower heat to a simmer, cover and simmer 10 minutes covered. If it is watery, remove cover after 10 minutes and cook for a few more minutes to evaporate some liquid. Remove from heat when done.
Peel, core and dice the apple into small pieces and place in a bowl of water that has a tablespoon of lemon juice squeezed in. Drain the apples and hold in a wrapped paper towel.
While meat mixture is cooking prepare dough by placing flour and salt in a large bowl. With a fork or pastry cutters, cut in cold shortening and cold butter until you have coarse crumbs.
Mix all of the milk with both eggs until well blended and reserve a quarter cup to be used to seal and to top the finished pastry dough. Pour the rest into the flour mixture and with your hands, mix and form into a ball.
Divide the dough into 12 balls by cutting in half, then each half in half and then each into thirds to make 12 equal pieces. Roll each into a ball.
With a rolling pin on a floured surface, roll out each dough ball into a six inch circle. (Tip: To get perfect circles, roll them slightly larger than six inches and with the lid of a canister or similar sized lid or bowl, cut into perfect circles. Our flour canister cover was the perfect size!)
As you complete each one, set aside with a little dusting of flour so they don’t stick to each other.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Lay out all of your circles and divide the diced apple between them. Then divide the cooked filling placing over the apples and leaving dough showing all the way around.
Using the reserved quarter cup of egg and milk, lightly brush a little on half of each circle.
Pull up two sides to the center like a purse and pinch the wet side to the dry side starting at the top and pinching down to each side. Repeat for all twelve then go back and pinch them again to make sure there are no openings (and there will be).
Place six each on two parchment lined sheet pans and brush the tops with the remaining egg and milk then bake for 20 minutes. If you bake both pans at once, they may take a few minutes longer. They should be baked to golden brown.
While the empanadas are baking, make the crema by mixing all ingredients in a small bowl.
Serve empanadas hot with the cold crema on the side.


Place a four quart heavy-bottomed pot such as this Lagastina Risotto Pot, over a burner and add 3 tablespoons of oil. Bring the heat to medium and once the oil is hot, add garlic.
Sauté garlic for 30 seconds and add sausage meat. Break up meat as it cooks, about five minutes.
Add broccoli rabe and stir and cook for 3-5 minutes or until tender but still a little crisp.
Remove from heat and pour entire contents into a bowl and set aside. Note…If you purchased good quality sausage, there should only be a small amount of fat left after cooking. This will be added back into finished dish later in this recipe. However if your sausage has a high fat content, you may want to drain off some of the fat.
Add the remaining oil along with three tablespoons of the butter and heat over medium heat.
Once hot, add onions and sauté until translucent, about four minutes.
Add rice and stir to coat and cook for one minute.
Add wine and cook until all of the wine has evaporated, about 2-3 minutes. Immediately add one half cup of stock. Cook and stir this until almost all of this first half cup of stock is gone. Then keep adding one half cup of stock at a time, letting it absorb into the rice before adding the next. After about 15-20 minutes, you should have all the stock in and the texture of the rice should be cooked but just slightly chewy. The cooking time will vary depending on how hot your burner is, the quality of the rice, etc. After 12-15 minutes, check texture and adjust remaining cooking time based on the doneness.
Turn off burner and stir in the reserved sausage and broccoli rabe mixture.
Cut the remaining tablespoon of butter into pieces and dot the top of the rice. Sprinkle on the half cup of Parmesan but do not stir. Cover and let sit untouched for five minutes.
Remove lid, fluff and serve with additional Parmesan cheese.
Note: Depending on the brand of sausage you buy, you may or may not need additional salt and pepper. Taste once finished and adjust seasoning as needed.


On a floured surface cut the 
In a large sauté pan, over medium high, place oil and heat.
Once the oil is hot, add peppers, onions, oregano, garlic and pepper flakes and reduce to medium and cook for about five minutes until they have softened but still have a bit of a crunch. Remove to a bowl and set aside.
In the same pan over medium high, place sausage and break apart with two wooden spoons into small pieces. Cook until browned and no longer pink, about five minutes. Pour into a strainer and strain out all fat. Discard fat and set cooked sausage aside.
When the dough has warmed up and is pliable, preheat the oven to 525 degrees and place 
On a floured surface, flatten each disc to 10 inches round.
Sprinkle the pizza peel with corn meal and place one 10 inch round over top.
Smear half of one side with half of the 
Spoon half the 
Spoon half the pizza sauce over the mixture, again keeping the edge clean.
Top with half the cooked onions and peppers.
Top with half the cooked sausage meat.
Top with half the mozzarella and half the Parmesan.
Wet the edge near the filling with water, leaving the other side dry.
Fold the dry half over the filling, meeting the wet edge.
Starting from one corner, pull the bottom dough up and slightly over the top dough and pinch. Continue from tip to tip and then go back and do it again so the seal is solid.
Mix the egg with a fork and brush it over the top leaving the edge untouched.
Take a sharp knife and make three slits across the center for steam to escape.
Slide the calzone onto the pizza stone and time it 8 minutes. Check for browning and doneness and bake for 2 more minutes if needed.
Repeat steps above for second dough disc.
Serve cut in half with additional 


One hour prior to cooking pizza, bring dough to room temperature. Divide in two, form two round balls and let rest on floured surface covered with a dish towel.
While dough is resting, have a small bowl, medium bowl, a cutting board and a knife ready. Remove each whole tomato from the can and cut vertically. Over the small bowl, hold the tomato half with one hand and run your fingers over the seeds with the other letting the seeds and water run into the small bowl and then rip pieces of the cut tomato into the medium bowl discarding stem if any. Repeat for all tomatoes. Discard small bowl of seeds and water. Add remaining tomato liquid from can and any tomato from cutting board to medium bowl. Once done you will have 12 ounces of tomato and two ounces of waste.
In a small bowl mix ricotta, fennel, salt, marjoram, oregano, basil, parsley and Parmesan. Stir to combine.
Preheat oven to its highest temperature (ours went as high as 550 degrees), and place rack in bottom section of oven with pizza stone. Let oven fully heat before cooking.
On a floured surface, flatten each dough ball to ten inches. If dough is not completely pliable, shape as much as possible, let rest ten minutes and continue to press into circle.
Sprinkle corn meal over pizza peel and lay out one ten inch dough round onto peel.
Cover with half the tomatoes coming to about one half inch from edge.
Break the sausages apart with your fingers using half for each pizza.
With a spoon, drop dobs of half the ricotta mixture around pizza, do not spread. Just let it stay as it lands so the spoonfuls are spread out.
Sprinkle with half the mozzarella.
Slide pizza from peel to stone with short little jerking motions and bake for six to seven minutes. Ours was done in six. Remove to a cutting board and cut. While first pizza is baking, assemble second with remaining ingredients and bake following same method.
Serve immediately.


Thaw dough in the refrigerator overnight for best results or thaw according to package directions.
About two hours before you are ready to eat, bring dough out to room temperature, cover and place in a warm place for at least one hour.
While dough is warming up, in a large skillet over medium heat, place oil and bring to hot. Add both peppers and onion and cook about 3 to 4 minutes, or just until the onions are no longer crunchy. You want the vegetables somewhat tender but not over cooked. Add garlic and basil and cook for one minute.
Move vegetables to the sides of the pan and place the sausage meat in the center. With two wooden spoons, break the meat apart and keep cooking until browned. When the meat is no longer pink, bring the vegetables in from the sides and mix all together. Add salt, pepper and tomato paste and stir to combine. Remove from heat and transfer mixture to a dinner plate. Place in the refrigerator to cool down somewhat (you want this mixture to be at room temperature before adding to the raw dough).
Once the dough has proofed for an hour, dust your counter with flour and roll out each dough loaf to 10x16-inches letting the dough rest for a few minutes between rolling so the gluten can relax. The dough will stretch better after each rest period. Dust with more flour as needed.
Divide your meat mixture into four (two portions for each loaf of dough). Run one quarter of the meat down the center almost to the ends. Then fold the side closest to you over covering the meat to about ⅔ to the opposite side. Place another one quarter of meat on top of the center going close to each end.
With a brush and water, brush a little water on the open seam. Then fold in each end slightly. Next take the back edge and fold it forward pinching it closed where the edge meets the dough. It is important that it gets pinched and sealed tight.
Lift the filled dough onto a parchment lined sheet pan (seam down), cover with a towel and let rest in a warm draft free place for about an hour.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and move rack to center.
Bake for 20 minutes until browned. If you bake both pans at the same time, rotate half way through. You may need to bake longer if both pans are cooked together.
Move to a cutting board and let rest five minutes. Then slice thick slices and serve.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Remove the stems from mushrooms and dice the stems very fine. Set aside.
Place mushroom caps in a shallow bowl and cover with 3 tablespoons of olive oil and all of the Marsala. Toss to coat and set aside.
Heat remaining two tablespoons of the olive oil over medium heat in a 12-inch skillet. Add the sausage, breaking it up with a wooden spoon. Brown completely (about 8 minutes), remove with a slotted spoon and cool slightly.
Drain off and discard all fat retaining 3 tablespoons in the pan.
Place the cooked sausage meat on your cutting board and dice fine (large chunks will cause the stuffing to break apart so this step is important).
Return the sausage to the pan and heat back to hot. Add the minced mushroom stems and cook 3 minutes.
Add the scallions and garlic and cook for another two minutes.
Add the panko and stir to combine, then add 5 ounces of the Mascarpone cheese and stir until the cheese melts into the stuffing mixture.
Remove from heat and add in the Parmesan cheese and minced parsley and stir.
Add salt and pepper to taste and cool mixture slightly.
Divide the stuffing between all of the mushrooms and place in a single layer in a 8X8 baking dish.
Bake for 45 minutes or until the tops are browned and crusty.
Take the remaining 3 ounces of mascarpone cheese and place in a small pastry bag with a small star tip. When you are ready to serve, pipe the mascarpone over the top of each mushroom, dividing evenly. Sprinkle a little chopped parsley over the tops for garnish and serve immediately.


Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.
Remove turkey sausage from casing and break up into small pieces. In a large skillet over high heat, brown the sausage, breaking up further with two wooden spoons. Remove to plate lined with a paper towel to drain the sausage and when cool enough to touch, break up further so sausage meat pieces are about the size of a kidney bean. Set aside.
With the one tablespoon of butter, grease eight one-cup ramekins. (We used crème brûlée dishes for our photograph but any one-cup ramekin will work.)
Divide the cubed whole grain bread and the sausage between the dishes. Divide the peppers and sun-dried tomatoes evenly among the dishes, then crumble the Boursin cheese over the tops of each.
In a medium bowl, beat eggs and add milk, salt, pepper, mustard and onion powder. Mix thoroughly until blended. Pour over each dish. The bread will soak up the egg mixture so you may need two passes to divide the egg mixture between ramekins.
Place ramekins on a sheet tray(s) and bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until the eggs are set. (Cooking time may be slightly longer if you are using more than one sheet tray.) Insert a tooth pick and if it comes out clean, they are done. You should not see any liquid if you shake the dish a little and the egg mixture will have puffed up a bit.
Serve with a cold glass of milk.


Remove greens from beets and pull leaves from stems by holding the stem in one hand and running your other hand down the stem, pulling the leaves off as you glide down the stem.
Lay the leaves on your cutting board and chop or tear into pieces. Place in a salad spinner and fill with water and move leaves around to dislodge any dirt. Dump water and repeat. Dump water again then let wet leaves sit in the salad spinner but do not spin. You want them to stay wet.
In a large sauté pan or skillet, heat to medium heat and spray the pan with pan spray then add pancetta. Cook for about three minutes until the pancetta is crisp.
Add shallots and pepper flakes and continue to cook until the shallots become tender, about two to three more minutes.
Add wine and vinegar to deglaze and cook to evaporate liquid, about one to two minutes.
Add wet beet leaves, stir and cover. Cook for two minutes covered.
Remove lid and cook until tender, about four to five more minutes.
Drain off any liquid and serve cooked beet greens with optional agave or honey drizzled over the top.


Husk the ears of corn, removing the husks and silk. Cut the kernels off each ear – 
In a large sauté pan, over medium-high heat, melt the butter. Add the corn and sauté – stirring frequently so that the corn cooks evenly in the pan. After about 6-7 minutes, start testing for doneness – you want the corn to be cooked but still crisp, not mushy.
When cooked, turn off the heat and sprinkle with salt, pepper and sugar.


In a large skillet, heat butter and olive oil until very hot.
Add in cleaned mushrooms and sauté over medium high heat for 10-15 minutes until browned. If mushrooms are small, less time will be needed.
Add garlic and pepper and toss.
Remove pan from heat and add bourbon. This step is necessary so the bourbon does not flame up while you are pouring over heat. Always add the bourbon off of the heat.
Quickly return pan to heat and allow to flame up by gently tilting pan over flame. If you are using an electric stove, you may need to light the pan with a match or just cook until alcohol has evaporated.
Sauté a few seconds until flames subside.
Remove from heat and add salt to taste and serve.


Cut each tomato in half horizontally.
Place a strainer over a bowl and squeeze each half to extract seeds. Poke your finger into cavities to loosen the seeds.
Then sprinkle the tomato halves with the ½ teaspoon of salt and place cut down over the strainer. Let the tomatoes sit for 15 minutes. Occasionally squeeze each half. Do not discard the liquid that drains out. You will save one cup of the liquid from the tomatoes and discard the rest. Save the tomato halves for a later step.
In a medium sized wide pot with a tight fitting lid, heat oil over medium high.
Once hot, cook salmon pieces in two batches turning each piece over to sear all sides. Then remove them to a platter leaving oil in pan and keep pan hot.
Add onions and sauté two minutes then add rice, dill, salt and pepper.
Sauté the rice for three minutes.
Add the reserved cup of tomato liquid along with the one cup of clam juice. (Alternatively, you could omit the clam juice and just use all tomatoes liquid. Two pounds of beefy tomatoes will give up two cups of liquid.)
Stir once, bring to a boil, cover and reduce to low. Cook over low heat for 15 minutes.
While rice is cooking, take the reserved tomato halves and shred using the large holes of a box grater. Do this over a strainer and bowl. Shred right down to the skin and core then discard the skin, core and any liquid in the bowl. What is left in the strainer should be one cup of tomato pulp.
Once the rice is done, remove from heat and stir in the salmon and tomato pulp and cover. Let sit for five minutes.
Sprinkle on the remaining dill and the lemon juice, stir and serve.


Note: With this recipe, the type of meat used will determine your cooking time. If you are using a tough cut of beef, the recipe will use both quarts of water and take 2 ½ hours. If you are using a higher quality cut of beef, only one quart of water will be needed and the cooking time will be less. If you are not sure, save one quart of water and add it towards the end if too much liquid has evaporated. I suggest using a chuck roast as the meat of choice for beef stew.
Mix flour, salt and pepper together in a bowl. Dredge beef cubes in flour and remove, shaking off excess flour.
Over medium high heat, melt 1 tablespoon of butter and one tablespoon of oil in 6 quart heavy bottomed stock pot until slightly brown and frothy. Place half of the beef in the hot fat making sure that meat pieces do not touch each other. Cook 2 minutes then flip using metal tongs and cook 2 more minutes on the other side. Remove from pan and heat the other tablespoon of butter and oil then cook the second half of the meat. Remove meat from pan when done and set aside.
Turn heat to medium and add 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the pan. Add in chopped onions and cook about 2-3 minutes until tender. Add chopped garlic and cook for one more minute. Add tomato paste and cook for an additional minute.
Add in red wine to deglaze pan, scraping up any brown bits from bottom.
Add stock, water, bay leaf, thyme, paprika, Worcestershire sauce and sugar. Bring to a boil then turn heat down to a simmer and cover pot with lid slightly ajar. Simmer for 2 ½ hours or until beef is tender, adjusting water as needed.
Add in carrots, potatoes, green beans and pearl onions and simmer for 15 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
While vegetables are cooking, prepare dumpling batter as follows: Sift flour, baking powder and sugar together. Add salt and thyme into the bowl and then cut in butter. Add milk and stir with spoon until mixed.
Add green peas and chopped parsley to stew, adjust seasoning and turn heat to low.
Once stew is finished, drop heaping tablespoons of dumpling batter into stew until all batter is used. Cover and cook ten minutes.
Serve bowls of stew with dumplings on top.


Place everything except oil in a blender and puree until smooth and blended. Slowly add the olive oil while blending.
Store refrigerated for up to a week.


Cut the ends off all three plantains.
Run a sharp knife down one side, then the other of each plantain without letting the knife pierce the fruit under the skin.
Use you thumb to pry the skin off on one side then the other. Do this for all three.
Cut each peeled plantain into one inch thick slices.
Place the boiling water, garlic and the teaspoon of salt in a bowl or right in the measuring cup and set aside.
Fill a cast iron pan or a heavy bottomed sauté pan with half an inch of the oil and heat over medium high.
Cut a small piece of plantain and drop it in the hot oil. Once it starts to sizzle and fry, you can add the rest of the slices.
Do this with a pair of tongs and place cut side down into the hot oil.
Fry for about two minutes or until the bottom is golden. Turn each one over with the tongs and again cook for about two minutes or until golden.
Remove to a rack that is sitting over a pan to collect the drippings.
Lay out a piece of waxed paper and place one or more plantains onto the paper cut side down and place a second piece of waxed paper over them.
Using a heavy object (we used a meat press), press each one down so they burst out from the sides and flatten to about one quarter inch.
If you turned off the heat to the oil, reheat as before.
Once the oil is hot, with tongs, dip each plantain in the water, shake off excess and place in the hot oil. It may splatter a little. (VERY IMPORTANT: When you dip them into the water, do it quickly or they will fall apart.)
Fry for about a minute to a minute and a half on each side until deep brown in color but not too brown.
Remove to paper towels and sprinkle with salt while they are hot.
Serve immediately or seal in an air tight container until ready to serve.


In a 3 quart saucepan over medium high heat, add ¼ cup of butter and heat to melt. Add celery, onions, garlic, rosemary, oregano, salt and pepper and sauté for five minutes or until tender.
Add stock, raise heat to high and bring to a boil.
Add cream and heat just until it begins to bubble.
Lower heat to medium low and add corn meal and semolina. Cook for about five minutes or until the mixture is thick and creamy and the corn meal has softened.
Remove from heat and stir in the Parmesan, Fontina and parsley.
Serve immediately with the remaining butter.


Place scallops and lime juice in a container with a lid and refrigerate for six to eight hours. Stir once after three hours.
Drain the lime juice from the scallops and place the scallops in a medium bowl. Add all other ingredients and stir.
Let the scallop mixture sit in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes to blend flavors.
After 30 minutes, remove from the refrigerator and serve as an appetizer with your favorite greens such as rocket or arugula.


Using a mandolin or sharp knife, slice potatoes to ⅛ inch thick. Hold in a bowl of cold water.
In a medium pot over medium-high heat, melt butter and add onions, parsley and thyme. Sauté for about three minutes or until onions are starting to become translucent. Lower heat to medium, add flour and stir. Cook for about three more minutes or until raw flour smell is gone.
Add milk, cream, salt, pepper, chili sauce, Worcestershire sauce, nutmeg, mustard powder and 1 ½ cups of the shredded cheddar cheese. Stir over medium heat until cheese melts into sauce then remove from heat.
Heat oven to 350 degrees.
In a two-three quart pan or casserole dish spray with pan spray. (Our casserole dish was an oval 8x11x3-inches.)
Start by ladling a small amount of sauce into the bottom of the pan. Shingle one quarter of the potatoes over the sauce, covering the bottom. Cover that with one third of the ham. Next cover with one third of the remaining sauce and another quarter of potatoes and half of the sliced Muenster cheese. Repeat layers by next adding another third of ham, another third of the sauce, another quarter of the potato, the final third of ham, the final half of Muenster, the final quarter of potatoes and the last of the sauce. Sprinkle the top with the remaining ½ cup of shredded cheddar.
Bake uncovered for one hour and 15 minutes, or until a probe thermometer inserted in the center reads 160 degrees. Let the casserole set for ten minutes, cut and serve.


Preheat the oven to 350.
To prepare the parmesan toasts: Slice the ciabatta bread on a diagonal ¼ inch thick. Brush each piece with olive oil and place bread oiled side down on a sheet pan. Sprinkle the dry side with the parmesan cheese and drizzle a little EVOO over the top of each piece. Bake for 10-15 minutes until crisp.
While the parmesan toasts are baking, heat olive oil in a large sauté pan over medium to medium-high heat and add in the garlic and hot peppers. Sauté for 1-3 minutes or until the garlic starts to turn golden (do not brown garlic).
Pour in the vermouth and lemon juice and simmer for 2-3 more minutes.
Place the sea scallops in the same pan making sure they do not touch each other. (Cook in two batches if necessary so the pan is not over crowded.) Sauté the scallops for about 2 minutes and then turn. Sauté for an additional 2-3 minutes until done. Do not over cook the scallops or they will become rubbery. Test by poking on a scallop. If it bounces back, they are done. Depending on the size and thickness of your scallops, the cooking time will vary. Again, the trick is not to over cook them so it is better to undercook them a little as they will continue to cook a little more in their own heat after removing them from the pan.
Immediately remove the scallops to a serving platter. Stir in the chopped parsley and salt to the sauce. Pour the sauce over the scallops and serve with the parmesan toasts.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees and prepare a 12X16 inch sheet pan by spraying with pan spray.
Slice zucchini into very thin slices and place in a large bowl. Slice red onion into very thin slices and add to zucchini. Add baby spinach to bowl.
Drain oil from tomatoes into a cup measure and set aside. Cut tomatoes into quarters and add to bowl.
Add pine nuts, basil, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, salt and pepper to bowl and toss all ingredients.
In a separate bowl mix flour, corn meal and baking powder. Add this to the large bowl and toss to mix the ingredients.
In that same small bowl, beat eggs and sugar and add to large bowl, mixing into ingredients.
Take the reserved cup measure with the oil drained from the tomatoes and add enough olive oil to fill one cup and add to the large bowl mixing to combine.
Finally, slowly mix in the water, only using enough to make a thin batter. You may not need all of the water.
Pour batter into the prepared sheet pan, drizzle the top with olive oil and bake for 55-60 minutes.
When it comes out of the oven, sprinkle the Parmesan cheese all over the top and drizzle with a little more olive oil and sprinkle the remaining thyme over the top.
Cut into squares and serve.


Lay all four meats on your cutting board, pat dry and salt, pepper and rosemary each side.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
In a large saute pan over medium high heat, place two tablespoons of the oil and heat until the oil is shimmering.
Have a five quart Dutch oven standing by.
Cook one meat at a time in the hot oil cooking each side for about 3-4 minutes per side. Make sure the meat is not over crowded and don’t touch it until it is time to turn. Turn each piece and cook for another 3-4 minutes or until nice and browned. Transfer to the Dutch oven. Repeat for the second meat and before cooking the third meat, add the remaining oil. Save the chicken for last and only sear for about 2 minutes per side.
Once the last meat is in the Dutch oven, place the onions and garlic into the hot saute pan and cook for three minutes.
Add the red wine and scrape the pan bottom with a wooden spoon. Cook to evaporate the wine by half then add the onion and wine mixture to the Dutch oven. You are done with the saute pan.
To the Dutch oven, add tomatoes, broth and bay leaves, cover and place into the preheated oven for two hours.
After two hours add carrots and tomato paste and stir to combine. Cover and cook for 30 more minutes or until carrots are tender.
While the stew cooks for the last 30 minutes, in a medium sauce pan, melt butter and add flour over medium heat. Cook for five minutes stirring often with a wooden spoon. Remove from heat.
If serving over polenta, make that now, (
Once the stew comes out of the oven, turn the heat back on the butter and flour mixture and ladle in liquid from the stew and whip to make a thick sauce. Keep adding liquid until the mixture is no longer paste like. Transfer that back into the stew and gently stir to combine.
Serve with our 


Heat a medium pot of water to boil and add onions, skin and all. Cook for three minutes and drain and place in an ice bath. Cut off root end and squeeze from other end to pop out onions. Set aside.
Heat a large pot of salted water for the pasta.
Heat a large skillet or sauté pan to medium high and add olive oil and pancetta and cook to crisp. Remove cooked pancetta and set aside.
Add onions to pan and brown, about four or five minutes. Remove to a dish and set aside.
Place scallops in pan being careful not to let them touch or overcrowd the pan and sear for about a minute on each side. (No more than three minutes total). Remove to the dish and set aside. (They will not be fully cooked yet)
Place dry pasta into boiling water and cook to package directions, just slightly underdone.
While pasta is cooking add garlic to sauté pan and cook for 30 seconds.
Add wine to pan and scrape up any browned bits from bottom.
Add stock, browned onions and salt and pepper and cover. Boil covered for about 8-10 minutes or until onions are tender (time varies by size of onion). If liquid evaporates before onions are tender, add more stock or water until they cook through.
Remove cover and add raw peas and cook for 2 minutes. If using frozen, skip this step and add the peas at the end of the recipe.
Add all other ingredients including seared scallops and any liquid collected at bottom of dish.
Add cooked pasta and about half a cup of pasta water to pan. Heat and stir until pasta and scallops are cooked through. Adjust seasoning if needed.
Serve with additional Parmesan cheese and cooked crisp pancetta over each dish.


Cut calamari tubes into rings. Remove long feelers from tentacles and discard. Cut large tentacles in half the long way, leave small ones whole. Peel and devein shrimp. Cut scallops in half.
Place prepared fish and buttermilk in a sealed container and marinate overnight or for at least 12 hours.
The following day, rinse fish of all buttermilk and pat completely dry between a few paper towels. Separate the three fish types as they will be cooked at different times.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat, sauté garlic in a few tablespoons of the olive oil for one minute. Do not brown. Increase heat to medium high and quickly add scallops. Sauté just until opaque. Do not overcook. They will bounce back when poked. Set aside on a sheet tray.
Add a few more tablespoons of the oil and sauté shrimp just until they curl and turn pink. Do not overcook. Place on the same sheet tray as the scallops.
Add a little more oil and sauté calamari rings. Sauté less than a minute until they are cooked and no longer raw. They will give off some water. Pour that off in a bowl and hold. Add the rings to the sheet pan.
Add the remaining oil and sauté the tentacles. Sauté less than a minute or until they curl and are no longer raw. Remove to the sheet pan.
The tentacles should also have given up some water. Add the reserved liquid from earlier to this liquid and reduce heat to medium. (if you do not have any liquid, add a quarter cup of water to the pan) While cooking, scrape the pan down and cook until you have about two tablespoons of liquid. Strain that and hold in the refrigerator.
Place the cooked fish and the bowl of liquid in the refrigerator to chill completely.
When you are ready to assemble, in a medium bowl, mix cooked fish, reserved cooking liquid, pepperoncini, capers, calamata olives, red onion, Old Bay, red pepper flakes, parsley and 


Bring a medium pot of water to a boil and plunge in all of the onions; skin, root and all. Boil three minutes then plunge into cold water. Drain and bring to the cutting board. Cut off the root end and squeeze from the other end and the onion will pop out. If the other end has a long stem, you may want to trim a little off so the stem does not hold the onion from sliding out. Set onions aside.
Salt and pepper both sides of the cut up beef.
In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot over medium high heat, place two tablespoons of butter with the two tablespoons of olive oil. Once hot and starting to get frothy, add half of the beef (do not crowd meat) and sear on all sides. Once browned on all sides (8-10 minutes per batch), repeat for second half of beef. Set all of the seared beef aside.
Reduce to medium and add one more tablespoons of butter and then add onions. Sauté three minutes then remove to a separate bowl. Add whole mushrooms and sauté for three more minutes. Add onions back in with mushrooms and add white wine and sugar. Cook for two minutes scraping up and bits from the bottom. Strain onions and mushrooms out to a bowl and refrigerate until later in this recipe.
To the liquid left in the pot, add reserved beef and any liquid from the beef, beef stock, port wine, thyme bundle, bay leaves and kitchen bouquet. Bring to a boil, lower heat and cover. Cook on simmer for two hours.
After two hours, remove cover and taste. If needed, add additional salt and pepper.
Mix last two tablespoons of softened butter with two tablespoons of flour to form a paste and add to hot stock and beef. Stir to combine and add in reserved onions and mushrooms along with any liquid in the bowl. Bring back to hot.
While beef is reheating, in a medium bowl, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir in thyme, yogurt, horseradish and milk to form a gooey dough.
Drop by spoonfuls into the hot beef mixture, close lid and reduce to a simmer. Cook covered for 15 minutes.
Serve the dumplings in a bowl with the beef and onions.


Place onion, oil, butter, salt, pepper and sugar in a medium skillet and turn to medium to medium low. Heat the onion slices, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes or until nice and caramelized.
In a medium bowl, gently mix Good Seasons Italian Dressing packet and A.1. Steak Sauce into ground beef and form into patties.
In a large cast iron skillet, add one tablespoon of the olive oil and heat pan over medium high heat.
Place the patties in the skillet and sear untouched for two to three minutes, or until a nice crust has formed. Flip, reduce the heat to medium and cook until your desired doneness.
Smear the top of a cut bulkie or burger roll with 


If using wooden skewers, soak in water for at least one hour.
In a small sauté pan over medium heat, dry roast coriander, peppercorns and sesame seeds. Shake the pan often and cook for 2-3 minutes or just until you see a bit of smoke. Remove immediately to cool.
If you have a small food processor, like 
If not, lay the toasted spices out in a sheet tray and crush with the bottom of a heavy skillet. Set aside for serving.
Combine the soy sauce, lime juice, brown sugar and sriracha. Set aside for serving.
In a large bowl, combine chicken, scallions, ginger and sesame seed oil. Toss well.
Begin threading chicken, peppers and onions on skewers alternately. Either end should have chicken or onion as the pepper will slip off at the ends. The onion should be pierced straight through each layer so it stays on the skewer as it cooks. Pour any leftover ginger mixture over the skewers. Sprinkle the salt and pepper over each skewer.
Over a medium grill, oil the grates with an oil soaked paper towel. Grill the skewers about 5-7 minutes per side and remove when the chicken is done and the vegetables are tender. Pull open the largest piece of chicken to test for doneness. It should be cooked through.
Grill the lime wedges if desired to add char marks.
Place the skewers on a platter and sprinkle with the spice shake on all sides and garnish with the grilled lime wedges. (Save any leftover spice shake for other grilled recipes.) Serve over white Basmati rice, along with the dipping sauce and a grilled lime wedge.


In a large cast iron pan, heat to between medium and medium high.
Add oil and once hot, add onions and peppers and sauté for 5 minutes,
Add garlic and stir to combine.
Add tomato paste, mint, Italian seasoning, salt, pepper and sugar and cook one more minute.
Add canned tomatoes including juice along with Harissa.
Cook for ten minutes and then turn to medium heat.
Make five indentations with the bottom of a small bowl or a ladle and crack an egg into each indentation.
Cover and cook over medium for five minutes.
Top with feta and parsley and serve with toasted sour dough bread.


In a small bowl, add vinaigrette ingredients and whisk to blend. Set aside.
In a dry skillet, lightly toast the walnuts over low heat until golden brown. Remove from heat and set aside to allow the walnuts to cool completely.
While the nuts cool, rinse and drain the Brussels sprouts, leaving the stem end untrimmed but removing any bruised leaves. Dry wet Brussels sprouts by patting with a paper towel.
Using a mandoline (
Coarsely chop cooled walnuts and add to mixing bowl with sprouts along with dried cranberries and red onion to the bowl. Toss gently to combine.
When ready to serve, whisk the vinaigrette ingredients once more, then pour over the Brussels sprouts mixture, tossing gently again to evenly coat the salad.
Place dressed salad onto a serving platter, then sprinkle with goat cheese. (*See note above if using plain goat cheese and optional honey.)


Wash shrimp, drain and pat dry with paper towels. Do not peel.
In a large skillet heat oil over medium heat and add pancetta. Cook slowly until slightly browned. You can remove and discard the pancetta after it is cooked or leave it in. We left the pancetta in but your choice.
Add butter, garlic, pepper flakes, salt and pepper and cook on low heat for three to four minutes or until garlic just starts to brown.
Turn pan to medium high to high and when hot, add shrimp. Toss often and when shrimp is pink and cooked (2-3 minutes), remove pan from heat and add lemon juice, lemon zest and parsley. Toss to coat and return to heat for one scant minute to thicken sauce.
Serve immediately by portioning shrimp out into small plates or bowls and pouring pan sauce over each portion.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream butter then add both sugars and salt. Cream until fluffy, about two minutes.
With mixer on low, add the egg and egg yolk until mixed.
Add vanilla and zest and mix again.
With mixer on low, add each cup of flour until combined.
Remove from bowl and knead by hand for about a minute.
Refrigerate dough wrapped in plastic for up to three days or at least for two hours.
While dough is setting up in the refrigerator, make filling.
In the bowl of food processor, process nuts to a fine crumb but not pureed.
Toss with cinnamon then add honey. Mix and refrigerate for later use.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
On lightly floured surface, flatten and work pasta frolla dough so that it becomes soft and pliable but not warm.
Roll into a 12x12-inch square.
Cut square into eight strips.
Remove filling from refrigeration and divide into eight pieces.
Spray your hands with pan spray or a little oil and roll out one of the filling pieces into a log the same length as the dough strips. Repeat for other pieces.
Lay one filling log over each strip of dough and bring sides of dough to center but do not pinch closed.
Cut each strip into three. You should have 24 mini logs.
Take each one and twist around once so the log now has spiral stripes.
Place 12 on each of two parchment lined cookie sheets.
Bake for 15 – 18 minutes until lightly browned. Do not over bake.
Slide parchment with twists onto cooling racks and cool completely.
When ready to serve, drizzle with honey and sprinkle with toasted almond slices.
*To toast almond slices, in a sauté pan over medium heat, place nuts into dry pan and toss and cook for about five minutes until browned


Placed sliced cucumber in a medium bowl.
In a small bowl, whisk in both vinegars, salt, pepper, mustard and sugar. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the oil to form the vinaigrette. Taste and adjust salt to your preference.
Add dressing to cucumbers along with fresh dill and gently toss to combine.
Serve immediately.


In a bowl or salad dressing shaker, mix all ingredients except the oil until well blended.
If mixing in a bowl, slowly add the oil while whisking. (If using a salad shaker, add the oil and shake vigorously.)
Store refrigerated up to two weeks.


Mix ground beef with salt, pepper, onion and garlic powder. Form into 12 patties.
In a heavy bottomed medium pan with lid, heat oil over medium high. Once hot, place the 12 patties in not touching each other. Brown on both sides as you would a hamburger.
Add tomato juice, agave, paprika, carrots, potatoes, cabbage and caraway. Cover and bring to a medium simmer and cook 30-35 minutes until vegetables are tender.
Remove from heat and serve.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
If using fresh spinach, steam over boiling water until tender, about 3-5 minutes. Drain spinach well.
In a medium pot add chicken breasts, chicken stock and enough water to cover chicken. Bring to a boil and turn off the heat. Let chicken breasts sit in hot liquid for 15 minutes. Remove chicken to your cutting board and discard liquid. With two forks pull chicken apart to shred. You should have about 1 ½ cups shredded chicken.
Place chicken in medium bowl with drained spinach and chopped scallions. Set aside.
In another bowl, add sour cream, yogurt, flour, cumin, salt, milk and chili peppers. Mix to combine. Add half of this sauce mixture to spinach mixture and hold the rest. Mix spinach mixture to combine sauce.
Lay out 6 tortilla shells and divide spinach mixture between the six shells. Roll to seam side down.
Spray a 9x13-inch glass baking dish with non-stick cooking spray. Place the six rolled enchiladas in the prepared pan seam side down and cover with the remaining half of the sauce.
Place baking dish in oven uncovered and cook for 25 minutes. Remove from oven and immediately top with shredded cheese. Let sit 10 minutes to melt cheese. If needed, place back in oven for a few more minutes.
Serve with diced tomatoes, additional yogurt and chopped scallions.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Generously spray the bottom of an 8- or 9-inch springform pan with cooking spray.
Mix the graham crackers and melted butter together and evenly press the crumbs into the bottom of the springform pan.
In a mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese on high until very smooth. Add sugar and vanilla and mix until well combined. Gradually mix in the yogurt, egg whites, lemon juice and flour – mixing just until combined but being careful not to over mix.
Take ⅓ cup of the cream cheese mixture out of the mixing bowl and put it in a small bowl. Add the cocoa powder and milk to the small bowl and stir with a spoon until evenly combined.
Carefully pour the original (non-chocolate) cream cheese mixture into the prepared springform pan, being careful to spread the filling evenly over the graham cracker crumbs without breaking up the crust. Spoon small dollops of the chocolate cream cheese mixture over the surface of the filling – then using a knife, gently swirl the chocolate into the filling, creating a marble effect.
Bake for 20-25 minutes (a 9-inch springform will take about 20 minutes; an 8-inch springform will take closer to 25 minutes) or until center is almost set. Allow to cool to room temperature, then place in the refrigerator to chill for 2-3 hours before serving.
Optional: Garnish with whipped cream or low-fat non-dairy whipped topping and chocolate shavings. (Please note – this optional garnish will add extra calories!)


In a 14-inch skillet or cast iron pan, sauté ground beef over medium heat until cooked. Remove from heat and pour into a strainer catching liquid. Let the fat rise to the top of the liquid, reserve just one tablespoon of the fat and all of the liquid. The liquid that the beef gives off will be used later along with the one tablespoon of fat.
In the same pan over medium heat, add the olive oil, onions, peppers, carrot and celery and sauté four minutes. Add garlic and sauté for one more minute. Add tomato paste and cook for another minute.
Add all other ingredients including cooked beef, reserved liquid and fat. Stir to combine.
Cook over medium heat for ten minutes to incorporate flavors, stirring often. Remove from heat and serve on bulkie rolls or your favorite burger bun.


In a large sauté pan over medium heat place oil and pancetta and cook until crisp, about five minutes.
Add onion, pepper, carrot, celery and garlic and sauté over medium for about ten minutes or until the vegetables are cooked through.
Move the vegetables to the sides of the pan and place the ground turkey in the center along with the poultry seasoning, mustard, chili powder, onion powder, salt and pepper. Cook over medium breaking the meat up with a wooden spoon until completely cooked through, about five minutes.
Add tomato paste, diced tomatoes, ketchup, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce and balsamic vinegar. Cover, heat to bubbling then turn to low and cook for ten minutes.
Remove from heat and stir in the cheddar cheese and serve immediately over your favorite sandwich rolls.


Add all ingredients to a slow cooker (a medium to large sized slow cooker will work best). Cover and cook on high heat for 4 hours.
Remove the cinnamon sticks from the cooked mixture. Mash the apples and cranberries 
Pour the applesauce with cranberries out of the slow cooker and into a food storage container with a lid. Allow to cool slightly, then refrigerate to cool completely before serving.


Pat the beef dry and season on both sides with the salt and pepper.
Heat both oils in a heavy bottomed pan or pot until smoking hot and carefully lay in the beef. Let it sear without touching for about four to five minutes, flip and repeat. Remove directly to the slow cooker pot.
Reduce heat to medium high and add onions. Cook for one minute and add tomato paste. Stir constantly for another minute.
Add bourbon to deglaze pan. Let reduce by half then add cola, beef stock, sugar, mustard, ketchup, vinegar, molasses, Worcestershire sauce, 
Pour liquid over beef. At this point, you can refrigerate until morning or place in slow cooker and set for eight to ten hours on low or five to seven on high. While beef is cooking, or the night before, prepare the coleslaw (see 
Once beef is fall apart tender, remove to a cutting board to rest. Pour the contents of the slow cooker into a sauce pan and reduce to a thick sauce, about 1 ½ cups.
To serve, slice the beef against the grain, place coleslaw on the roll bottom and top with the sliced beef and spoon on some of the sauce you reduced. Serve with lots of napkins.


Place all ingredients 
After ten hours remove beef and shred with two forks.
With immersion blender, puree contents of crock pot and add beef back in.
At this point, you have two choices. The first choice is to put the pasta in the crock pot with sauce and beef, cover and cook on high for two hours. Or pour contents of crock pot into a stove top pot and add pasta and cook until pasta is soft, about ten minutes. Be advised however that you need to stir the stove mixture often so it does not stick. Add a little more water or tomato sauce if needed to keep it moist. We did the stove top method over medium to medium high and added one more cup of water to achieve optimum results.
Serve with grated Parmesan cheese if desired.




Cut corn kernels from the cob (see 
In a large saucepan over medium heat, melt cream cheese and butter, and stir to combine. Add milk, sugar, salt, white pepper, nutmeg and mustard, stirring again to combine.
Add corn kernels to the pot with the cream cheese mixture and stir to coat. Pour entire mixture into a 
Remove about 1¼ cups of the cooked mixture and place in a deep bowl. Using an 
Serve immediately.


Cut each rack of ribs in half. In a small bowl, prepare the spice rub by combining the paprika, smoked paprika, garlic powder, mustard powder, ginger, salt, allspice and cayenne pepper until well blended. Rub the spice mixture all over both sides of each rack of ribs, coating them evenly.
Stand the ribs along the walls of a large oval (or round) slow cooker (with wide ends down and meaty sides facing the exterior). Cover the slow cooker and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours, until the ribs are tender. (You can tell the ribs are done when the meat starts to separate as you bend the ribs.)
While the ribs are cooking, prepare the sauce by combining the honey, soy sauce, ketchup, garlic and crushed red pepper flakes in a large saucepan. Over medium-high heat, bring the mixture to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes or until the sauce has thickened and reduced by about a third.
Position an oven rack 8 inches below the heating element and preheat the broiler. Line a large, rimmed baking sheet with heavy-duty aluminum foil. Use tongs and a metal spatula to transfer the ribs to the prepared baking sheet, meaty-side down. Spoon or brush the sauce over the ribs and broil them for 4 minutes. Carefully turn the ribs over, generously brush them with additional sauce and continue to broil for about 8 minutes, or until the ribs are browned and the sauce is caramelized, brushing with sauce once more about halfway through the cooking time.
(Our notes: Although not included in the original recipe, we noticed that Samantha’s photo in the cookbook included some sesame seeds sprinkled over the top of the cooked and glazed ribs. We loved this idea and included sesame seeds in the ingredients list above. Once the ribs come out of the oven, sprinkle sesame seeds on top.)
Tent the ribs with foil and allow them to rest for 10 minutes before transferring them to a cutting board and slicing. Serve the ribs with leftover sauce.




Fourteen hours before serving, pierce pork roast all over with a knife or fork. Rub liquid smoke over the roast. Next, evenly sprinkle the sea salt over the roast. Cover and set the slow cooker timer to low. Cook for seven hours, flip and cook for seven more.
Once done, shred meat with two forks.
Separate fat from liquid and pour a little liquid over meat to moisten. (Use sparingly - the liquid is salty!)
Serve in your favorite recipes.


In a large slow cooker, spray the bottom and sides of the insert. Add sliced onion and top with chicken in single layer.
In a microwave safe bowl or saucepan, melt butter. Add 1 cup of hot sauce and cumin and stir to combine. Pour over chicken.
Cover and set on high for four hours.
When done, remove chicken and shred with two forks and place in bowl. Stir liquid from pot and add ¼ cup to shredded chicken. Add two tablespoons (or more if you like it hotter) of Frank's hot sauce and mix well.


Each blade steak has a line of gristle running down the center. To remove, cut each steak in half along the line of gristle and then with a sharp knife, slice off and discard the line of gristle on each piece. Then lay the steaks out on a plate and salt and pepper if cooking right away. If not cooking until the next day, do not season until then.
In a large 12 inch skillet with a tight fitting lid over medium high heat, place one tablespoon of oil, all of the mushrooms and the salt. Stir, cover and cook for five minutes. The mushrooms will give up a lot of water. Remove cover and cook for 5-10 minutes until liquid has evaporated and mushrooms get dry and browned. Remove from heat and place in bottom of slow cooker.
In same pan, heat remaining oil with onions, thyme and paprika. Cook uncovered for 8-10 minutes until lightly browned.
Add flour and cook for one minute.
Slowly add stock and sherry while whisking until combined. Remove from heat and add to slow cooker.
At this point, if you are prepping the night before, refrigerate slow cooker bowl and steaks until morning.
When ready to cook, place slow cooker bowl into slow cooker.
Salt and pepper both sides of steaks and plunge into mushroom and onion mixture until completely submerged under mixture.
Cover and set timer to low for eight hours or high for five hours. After allotted time, check for doneness and cook longer if needed. On low, ours took exactly eight hours.
Remove meat to a platter and tent with foil.
Let slow cooker mixture rest for five minutes then skim any fat from top and discard.
Add cream and parsley to mushroom and onion mixture and stir.
To serve, place beef steaks on dinner plates and top with the mushroom and onion mixture. Sprinkle with additional chopped fresh thyme or parsley.
We show our steaks served with 




In a four quart slow cooker, place stock, tomatoes, cheese rinds, bay leaf, basil and thyme. Turn your slow cooker on, setting the timer on high for four hours or low for six hours, and cover the mixture (this will allow your slow cooker to start heating up).
While the slow cooker starts to heat up, in a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat. Add celery, onions and carrots and cook for three to four minutes until almost soft. Add garlic, salt, pepper, paprika and pepper flakes and cook for one more minute. Add tomato paste and cook for about two minutes (being careful not to burn), then add wine to deglaze the skillet. Pour this mixture into slow cooker and stir to mix. Cover again and allow to cook for four to six hours.
After the cooking time is up, remove cheese rinds and bay leaf and discard. With an 
Turn the slow cooker to high (if it isn't already), then add frozen tortellini. Cook until they are fully cooked (approximately 10 minutes), then add spinach. Continue cooking just until spinach has wilted into the soup (only a minute or two). If soup is too thick, dilute with more cream or more vegetable stock.


In a large (5-quart+) slow cooker, pour in the olive oil and tip to coat the bottom of the slow cooker insert.
Add all of the other ingredients – EXCEPT the salt and the pesto – to the slow cooker and stir to combine.
Place the lid on the slow cooker and cook on low for 8 hours.
After 8 hours, remove the lid and stir the soup. Place half of the soup into a blender and process until smooth (leave the other half in the slow cooker). Pour the pureed soup back into the slow cooker with the un-pureed soup and stir to combine.
Stir in the pesto plus 1 teaspoon salt and stir again to combine. Add additional salt and pepper to taste if desired.


For a very thick jam (as shown) simmer for the full 50 minutes. For a looser jam, simmer only for 40 minutes.
Using a vegetable peeler, remove strips of rind from lemon, being careful not to include the white pith as you peel the strips.
Place lemon rind strips and all other ingredients into a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan. Stir to combine.
Bring contents in the saucepan to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer 40-50 minutes (*see note above) or until mixture thickens, continuing to stir frequently so the mixture doesn’t stick to the bottom of the pot.
Discard thyme stems and lemon peel. Pulse jam with an immersion blender to chop up the fig skins if desired.
Pour into an 8-ounce jelly jar. Keep refrigerated for up to one month.
This jam may also be canned in sterilized jars using the 


In the bowl of a food processer, break up the bluefish by pulsing a few times.
Add all of the other ingredients.
Pulse on and off until fully combined.
Serve in a bowl along with some crackers or bread. Or if desired, put the softened mixture into a large pastry bag fitted with a large star tip and pipe onto the crackers.


In a medium pan, heat clam juice, vegetable broth and water until hot. Hold on low.
In a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, melt butter over medium high and add pancetta. Cook pancetta until crisp.
Add onion, leeks, celery, thyme and dill. Stir and cook for three minutes.
Add orange pepper and cook for an additional minute.
Add wine to deglaze and cook until wine has evaporated.
Reduce to medium and add flour. Stir and cook for two minutes over medium heat.
Add clam and vegetable broth mixture one third at a time whisking as you add each third. Add white pepper, Worcestershire sauce and sweet potato and bring mixture to a medium boil. Reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are tender, about ten minutes.
Add creamed corn and Cannellini beans and stir.
Add cream and heat just until hot but not boiling.
Add white fish and stir once, then remove from heat. Try to leave fish in large pieces.
To serve, place chowder in bowl and top with slices of smoked salmon and garnish with fresh dill.


Preheat oven to 475 degrees.
In a medium bowl, mix cut squash with two tablespoons of walnut oil, sage, nutmeg, salt and pepper. Pour onto a sheet pan and place in oven and cook until just tender and a little crispy on the outside, about 15 minutes flipping half way.
Cook egg noodles according to package directions, drain and cool to room temperature. Bring a pot of water back to a boil and hold water at a low boil.
Place walnuts in a small dry pan over medium heat and toast slightly for about 8-10 minutes tossing often. They should be toasted but not too dark.
While squash is roasting, in a large skillet, cook bacon with remaining tablespoon of oil until crisp. Drain off all but two tablespoons of bacon fat and over medium heat, sauté shallots with cooked bacon for three minutes. Add garlic and cook for one minute.
Add spinach, vegetable stock and ham slices and cook just until spinach has wilted.
Add Parmesan cheese and chopped toasted walnuts.
Drop cooked egg noodles into hot water just to heat. Drain noodles and place on platter.
Remove squash from oven and pour over hot noodles.
Pour ham and spinach mixture over noodles and squash and top with additional Parmesan cheese.


In a large skillet or cast iron pan, sauté the ground beef over medium heat until cooked. Remove from heat and pour into a strainer catching liquid. Let the fat rise to the top of the liquid, reserve just one tablespoon of the fat and all of the liquid. The liquid that the beef gives off will be used later along with the one tablespoon of fat.
In the same pan over medium heat, add the olive oil, onions, both peppers, carrot and celery and sauté four minutes. Add garlic and sauté for one more minute. Add tomato paste and cook for another minute.
Add all other ingredients including cooked beef, reserved liquid and fat. Stir to combine.
Cook over medium heat for 10-15 minutes to incorporate flavors, stirring often. Add more water as needed. Remove from heat and serve in bulkie or kaiser rolls, or your favorite burger roll.


Place OREO cookies in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until completely crumbled.
Add cream cheese to bowl and pulse again until the cream cheese and cookie crumbs are completely blended together.
Shape into 1-inch balls. Freeze for 10 minutes and if necessary reshape the balls into a round shape. Using a fork, dip balls in melted chocolate, and place in single layer in a shallow waxed or parchment paper-lined pan.
Add sprinkles before the chocolate hardens, or allow the chocolate to set and then decorate as you wish.
Refrigerator for 1 hour or until firm.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, place warm milk, warm water, honey and dry yeast and mix to combine. Let sit for about five or more minutes until foamy.
Add butter, salt and bread flour and mix to combine.
Switch out the paddle for a dough hook and slowly add all purpose flour with mixer running on low until the dough pulls away from the bottom of the bowl. (You may not need all two cups of AP flour). Knead either in the mixer or by hand on the counter for four minutes.
Oil a large bowl and place in dough. Roll the dough so it gets covered in oil, cover bowl with plastic then a kitchen towel and let sit in a warm place for 1-2 hours or until doubled in size. (Ours doubled in one hour).
Transfer to a floured counter and divide into 12 equal balls trying not to deflate the dough too much.
Rather than rolling into a ball, take each piece of dough and pull the sides to the bottom and pinch closed, again trying not to deflate too much.
Cover with a towel and let rest 15 minutes.
While dough balls are resting, fill a medium to large skillet with high sides with the two quarts of water, honey and baking soda.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Move two racks to middle and top third.
Place a few kitchen towels on counter next to stove.
Place about three or four dough balls in the boiling water and cook 1 ½ minutes on each side. Use a spider or strainer and remove to the kitchen towels. Repeat for all 12 rolls.
Line two sheet pans with parchment paper and spray with pan spray. After each batch is boiled and the bottoms dried on the kitchen towels, place six on each sheet pan. (Really make sure the bottoms of the rolls are dry before placing on sheet pan or they will stick. The tops can stay moist)
Cut an X on top of each dough ball with a sharp knife about an eight of an inch deep.
Sprinkle each roll with sea salt and sesame seeds.
Bake for about 15 minutes or until golden brown.
Remove immediately from parchment and place on wire racks to cool.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line cookie sheets with 
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine pumpkin, sugar, oil, vanilla and egg. Mix until well combined.
In a separate bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. In a small bowl, dissolve the baking soda with the milk. Add both the dry flour mixture and the wet baking soda mixture to the pumpkin mixture. Mix well.
Add in the chocolate chips and nuts and stir until evenly combined.
Using a 
Bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool for slightly before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a muffin tin with paper liners and set aside.
In a medium bowl, add the dry streusel ingredients (flour, sugar and cinnamon) and stir with a whisk to combine. Using a fork or a pastry cutter, add the butter pieces and work into the dry mixture until well incorporated. Set aside.
To make the batter, in another medium bowl, add the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt and whisk together. Set aside.
In the bowl of stand mixer, beat together softened butter, oil, and sugar and mix well. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing well after each egg is added.
Keeping the mixer on a low speed, slowly add in the sour cream and vanilla and finally the flour mixture and mix until fully combined, but being careful not to over mix the batter. (Once you’ve turned off the mixer, using a spatula, give the mixture one additional stir by hand just to make sure that all of the wet ingredients from the bottom are completely mixed into the flour mixture.)
Spoon a heaping tablespoon of batter into each prepared muffin cup. Then sprinkle some of the streusel mixture on top of the batter. Divide the remaining batter into the muffin cups (spoon on top of the streusel layer) and then divide the remaining streusel over each muffin, sprinkling it over the batter.
Bake for 15-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin comes out clean.
Remove the pan from the oven and remove each muffin to a wire rack to cool completely.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F
Have an 8” round, 4” deep casserole or soufflé dish standing by, ungreased.
In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, sour cream and oil.
Stir to mix then add raisins and nuts.
Pour into the casserole dish.
In a separate bowl, combine the brown sugar and boiling water.
Pour this over the batter in the casserole dish and bake in the center of your oven for 45-55 minutes or until golden brown.
Let pudding cool for 15 minutes then spoon into dishes, spooning the liquid over each portion and finally dust with confectioners sugar if desired.


In a bowl, mix together the streusel ingredients. Set aside.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F with the baking rack centered in the oven. Grease and flour a 10-inch (12-cup) bundt pan (or use a floured baking spray).
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter until light and fluffy. Gradually add the sugar and continue beating for 2 minutes, stopping the mixer to scrape down the sides of the mixing bowl after 1 minute. Add the eggs one at a time, mixing after each addition. Add the vanilla and beat at medium speed for 1 minute.
In a small bowl, mix the sour cream and baking soda together.
With the mixer on low, alternate adding the dry ingredients and sour cream mixture to the butter mixture – starting and ending with the dry ingredients.
Spoon ⅓ of the batter into the prepared pan. (The batter will be thick so try spreading it in the bottom of the bundt pan as best as possible.) Sprinkle half of the streusel mixture over the center of the batter – trying as best as possible to avoid having any of the streusel touch the side of the pan. By spoonfuls, add another ⅓ of the batter over the dry streusel – and as best as you can, spread the batter evenly to cover the layer of streusel. Repeat with the remaining streusel and the final ⅓ of the batter.
Rap the pan hard on your kitchen counter once to settle any air pockets in the batter.
Bake for 50 to 60 minutes or until the cake pulls away from the side of the pan and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
Remove the cake from the oven and cool on a rack for 30 minutes. Then invert the cake onto a cooling rack, remove the pan from the cake and allow to cool completely.
Once completely cool, sprinkle with confectioner’s sugar. Slice to serve.


In a medium sauté pan, over medium heat, melt butter and add onions and both peppers. Sauté for five minutes and add garlic. Sauté for one minute and add sausage meat. Cook until no longer pink, breaking up big pieces, about four more minutes. Pour into a strainer to drain off grease. Discard grease.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
In a medium to large bowl, add drained chilies, eggs, cilantro, cumin, coriander, both cups of shredded cheese, shredded potatoes and cooked sausage mixture. Stir to combine. (note, I did not shred the potatoes until I was ready to add so they wouldn’t discolor).
Prepare a standard non-stick muffin tin by generously coating the inside and top of a 12 cup muffin tin with butter. Make sure the inside of the cups are well buttered.
Divide batter between each cup but don’t press the batter down. Let it fall into each cup, tidy up the edges and place in prepared oven.
Bake for 25 minutes.
Remove from oven, let the pan sit for a few minutes to set then gently remove each to a platter. You may need to run a butter knife around the edges and coax them a little to come out of the pan.
Serve two to a portion and serve with sour cream and chopped fresh cilantro if desired.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Place cut tomatoes in a strainer over a bowl and sprinkle with one teaspoon of the salt. Let drain while you prepare the rest of the ingredients, at least 15 minutes.
In a large fry pan, heat oil over medium high and add onion, corn, jalapeno, paprika, sugar and remaining half teaspoon salt. Cook stirring often with wooden spoon for three minutes. Add drained tomatoes and cook for ten minutes or until liquid has evaporated and the mixture starts to stick. Remove from heat.
In a large bowl, place shredded Jack and Fontina cheeses, cream cheese and mayonnaise and mix to combine.
Add corn mixture to bowl and mix again.
Pour into ungreased 9”X2 ½” round casserole dish (or similar size dish) and bake uncovered for 20-25 minutes until hot and bubbly. The mixture fills the casserole right to the top. Depending on your dish, you may need to place a sheet of tinfoil on the shelf right below to catch any drips.
Serve hot with tortilla chips and then please invite us over!


Mix cabbage, red onion, carrots and cilantro in large bowl.
In a smaller bowl mix Fiery Chipotle Gourmaise, mayonnaise, sugar, mustard and vinegar.
Mix wet with dry and let sit refrigerated for 30 minutes to blend flavors.
Line 8 slices of marble bread with two slices of cheese each. Top four of them with sliced Blackened Oven Roasted Turkey Breast, dividing evenly.
Place ½ cup of coleslaw on top of each turkey pile; top with the remaining cheese and bread top.
Heat a flat grill pan over medium heat and melt half the butter, then place sandwiches over melted butter.
Spread second half of butter over tops of each sandwich.
Grill for 2-3 minutes until browned. Flip and grill other side. (Alternatively, sandwich may be grilled in a Panini press)


Fill a large pot of water and bring to a boil on the stove in preparation for cooking the pasta.
While the pasta water heats up, add olive oil to a large skillet and heat over medium high heat. Add guanciale (or pancetta) and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring frequently, until lightly browned and cooked through – approximately 5 minutes.
Add white wine and simmer, scraping up any browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Continue to cook until the wine evaporates, about 3 minutes.
Add tomatoes, salt and pepper and heat to a gentle simmer.
As the pasta water comes to a boil, begin cooking the spaghetti. Cook until just shy of al dente – about 1 minutes less than the cooking time on your box of pasta. Once cooked, using tongs, transfer spaghetti to the skillet of sauce and ladle in ¼ cup of the water used to cook the pasta.
Turn up the heat under the pasta and sauce and cook, tossing constantly until the sauce thickens and coats the spaghetti.
Remove skillet from the heat and sprinkle in the Pecorino, tossing the pasta again so that the cheese is mixed throughout. Season with additional salt and pepper if necessary. Serve immediately with additional cheese over the top.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Remove stem from the spaghetti squash and slice squash in half from top to bottom. Remove seeds and place squash cut side down on a parchment lined sheet pan. Bake for 45-60 minutes or until squash is able to pull away from sides in strands. The last 15 minutes is critical to get the texture just right. If you remove it too soon, the squash will not pull away from the skin. Too long and it will be overcooked . After 45 minutes, check for doneness and continue cooking as needed.
As the squash cooks, prepare the sauce. In a medium to large sauté pan, place two tablespoons of the oil and heat to medium hot over medium heat. Add half of the garlic and stir. Immediately add the red tomatoes, salt and pepper and stir. Bring to a simmer and cook for ten minutes or until slightly thick. Stir in half the parsley, half the lemon zest and all of the lemon juice.
In a small bowl, combine the other half of the garlic, the other half of the parsley and the other half of the lemon zest. Once mixed, set aside.
Once the squash is ready and you have pulled the flesh from the skin, place the cooked squash on a serving platter. Top with the tomato sauce mixture, then the parsley mixture (gremolata). Then top with the chopped yellow tomato. Finally finish with a drizzle of olive oil over the top and serve.


Place a few tablespoons of warm tap water into a small bowl and add the saffron threads to steep.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In a small Dutch oven or other oven proof pan with a lid, heat oil over medium high heat.
Add onions and sauté for 2 minutes.
Lower heat to medium and add rice. Stir often for 5 minutes or until rice has just started to brown.
Add stock and all other ingredients including the small bowl with saffron threads and water and stir to combine.
Cover and place in preheated oven for 30 minutes.
Remove from oven and keep covered for five more minutes.
Fluff with a fork, garnish with optional chopped cilantro and serve.


Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl.
Use as a rub on cut up, skin-on chicken pieces or over a whole chicken roaster.
Store any unused portion in an air-tight container.


Combine all topping ingredients in a small bowl, stirring well to combine until the mixture is thick and crumbly. Set aside.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a standard-sized muffin tin with paper liners (
In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, five-spice powder and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter on high for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Add both the brown sugar and granulated sugar and beat on high for approximately 2 minutes, again scraping down the sides and bottom of the bowl as needed to ensure the mixture is well mixed.
Add the eggs, sour cream and vanilla extract. Mix well on medium-high speed.
Remove the mixing bowl from the mixer and using a wooden spoon or stiff rubber spatula, stir in the reserved flour mixture. Pour in the coconut milk and again stir to combine – leaving little lumps in the batter. Add the apples and again stir gently to combine.
Spoon the batter into the prepared muffin tins, evenly dividing the batter among the 12 tins. Sprinkle large chunks of the topping on the batter in the tins, evenly dividing among all 12 tins.
Bake muffins for 5 minutes at 425 degrees F. Then, leaving the oven door closed and the muffins still in the oven, reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. Bake for another 15-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin comes out clean.
After you remove the muffins from the oven, allow them to cool slightly in the pan while you prepare the glaze.
While the muffins cool slightly, whisk together all of the glaze ingredients, adding more coconut milk as necessary to thin the glaze.
With a spoon, drizzle the glaze over the warm muffins before cooling completely.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Grease and flour 
In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine cake mix, pudding mix, eggs, oil, rum and egg nog. Mix on medium speed for about 3 minutes. Stir in chocolate chips until evenly dispersed in the batter.
Pour the batter into the bundt pan, evenly spreading the batter in the pan.
Bake for 40-45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 10 minutes on a wire rack. Invert pan onto a wire rack and remove cake from the bundt pan. Cool completely and then place the cake onto a serving dish.
Prepare the glaze by placing the cream cheese in a mixing bowl and beating until light and creamy. Add powdered sugar, eggnog and vanilla and mix again until combined, adding more eggnog as needed to reach a drizzle consistency.
Fit a pastry bag with a small piping tip (or you can just cut a small corner off a plastic bag if you don’t have a pastry bag and tip), and pour in the glaze, twisting the top of your bag tightly to close. Drizzle the glaze over the cake and allow to set.
Cut into slices and serve.


In a blender, add eggnog, rum, Kahlua, bourbon and vanilla.
In a small dish, shake equal amounts of each of the three spices and mix together. Then portion out ¼ teaspoon of the spice mix and add to the eggnog mixture. Hold the rest to sprinkle on the finished filled glasses. Pulse the blender just a few seconds to blend ingredients.
Pour Demerara sugar into a small, flat plate. With a little bit of eggnog on your finger, rub the rim of the glass then dip the rim into the sugar.
Carefully pour eggnog into each glass and sprinkle a little of the reserved spice mix over the top of each and serve immediately.


In a small bowl, add cinnamon, cayenne, cumin salt and mix to combine. Set aside.
In a large saucepan over high heat, heat 6 cups of water to boiling. Add pecans and bring back to a boil. Cook for 1 minute. Drain and rinse under running hot water. Drain completely.
Pour drained nuts into a large bowl. Sprinkle with sugar and toss to coat the nuts completely with the sugar.
Meanwhile, in a deep-sided skillet or saucepan, heat about 1 inch of canola oil to 350 degrees. (It’s recommended that you use a 
Once the oil is at 350 degrees, with a slotted spoon (a 
With a slotted spoon, remove pecans from the oil and place into a coarse sieve or colander over a bowl to drain. Sprinkle with the salt-spice mixture and keep tossing the pecans so that they don’t stick together as they cool. Transfer the pecans to waxed paper to cool completely. Fry the remaining pecans.
Store cooled nuts in a tightly covered container.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees with rack in the top third of the oven.
Butter a ten inch Bundt pan with two tablespoons butter.
Sift flour, mace, anise, nutmeg, cinnamon, ginger and cloves into a bowl and set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat egg yolks and sugar until light and fluffy for about five minutes. They should start to take on the appearance of mayonnaise and get a bit thick.
Add orange zest and beat to combine.
With the mixer on low, add in olive oil, honey, agave and rum until blended.
Add dry to wet and slowly mix to combine. Scrape sides and mix again.
Beat the egg whites and the salt with a hand mixer until you have soft peaks and gently fold into cake batter by hand.
Pour batter into buttered Bundt pan. Rap the pan on the counter a few times to pop any big bubbles and bake for 50-60 minutes or until a tooth pick inserted comes out clean. If after 50 minutes, the cake looks like it is getting too dark along the edges, lower heat to 325 for the last ten minutes.
Cool inverted on a cooling rack until completely cool.
While cake is cooking, bring a small pan of water to a boil and drop in pecans. Boil one minute then drain.
In a medium pan over medium heat, melt butter and oil and add pecans and all seasonings. Stir and toss for about five minutes until golden brown. Pour out onto a plate lined with paper towels and cool.
To make icing, beat cream cheese and powdered sugar in stand mixer with paddle until creamy and well combined. Add vanilla and cream on low speed until combined. Scrape bowl and mix again. The icing will be piped onto cake so make sure you beat out all lumps so it doesn’t clog the piping tube.
To assemble, invert Bundt onto plate or pedestal with rounded side up.
Spoon icing into pastry bag lined with small round tip.
In sweeping motions, swirl back and forth around whole cake until all of the icing is used.
Place toasted spiced pecans over cake while icing is still soft.
Allow to cool before serving.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Trim cauliflower down to bite sized florets discarding stem and leaves.
In a medium bowl mix Sriracha, garlic, curry paste, vinegar, soy sauce and both oils. Add cauliflower and toss. It’s OK if not all pieces are covered and do not add more oil.
Pour out onto a parchment lined sheet pan and roast for five minutes. Turn each piece and roast for five more minutes. Remove from oven and hold.
Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees.
While cauliflower is roasting, in a medium pan heat milk and cream to hot but not scorched.
In another medium to large pan, melt 4 tablespoons butter and add flour over medium heat. Mix and cook for three minutes.
With a wire whip, whip in milk and cream one third at a time whipping as you add. Remove from heat.
Add nutmeg, mustard, salt and pepper and stir. Add all of Parmesan and half of Swiss.
In a small bowl mix bread crumbs, second half of Swiss and the two tablespoons of melted butter.
To assemble, pour one third of the sauce into the bottom of a 1 ½ quart casserole dish.
Remove cauliflower from pan with a slotted spoon leaving all oil in the pan and place over the sauce.
Top with remaining sauce and bread crumb topping.
Bake uncovered for 25 minutes.
Let set for five minutes, and then serve.


If using cherry or grape tomatoes, place directly in a large non-stick pot, skin and all.
If using other varieties, core then skin the tomatoes by dropping in boiling water for 30 seconds then remove to ice bath. If using large round tomatoes, cut in half horizontally and over a strainer that has been placed over a bowl, scrape seeds into strainer then place tomato half into large non-stick pot. If using plum, cut in half vertically and follow the same step. Once done, use a wooden spoon to mush the seeds into the strainer. Discard seeds and place liquid in bowl with tomatoes.
Place all other ingredients into the pot with the tomatoes and bring to a boil, reduce heat to a fast simmer and cook for up to three hours. The mixture will have reduced by two thirds or more to a thick jam/ketchup-like consistency.
The mixture will need to be stirred often, especially for the last hour. For the last hour, I recommend using a 
Once it has reached a thick jam like consistency, use an 
If canning, 


In the bowl of a food processor, mix flour, sugar and salt to combine. Add cold butter and pulse until butter is pea sized.
Add 3 tablespoons of ice water and pulse to combine. Add 1 to 2 additional tablespoons of ice water one tablespoon at a time (pulsing after each addition) as needed just until the dough comes together. Do not over mix.
Form the dough into a flat oval and wrap in plastic. Chill for at least 30 minutes.
When you are ready to bake, preheat the oven to 450 degrees.
Roll out the chilled dough to fit a deep dish pie plate and crimp the edges. (See 
Partially bake
Defrost the spinach and drain well. You can let it sit overnight to defrost in the refrigerator or you can defrost it in the microwave. Either way, it is important to get all of the water out of the spinach. After it has drained, wrap the spinach in a few layers of paper towel and squeeze to remove the last remaining moisture.
After partially baking your pie crust, reduce the oven to 425 degrees.
Place the onion in a small pan and sauté with the butter until the onions are soft and translucent. Cool slightly.
Sprinkle the drained spinach and sautéed onion evenly into the bottom of the partially-baked pie crust. Sprinkle the shredded cheese on top of the spinach and onions.
In a bowl, beat the eggs. Add cream, salt, nutmeg and cayenne pepper and whisk to fully combine the custard mixture. Pour or ladle the custard over the spinach and cheese.
Bake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Lower the oven heat to 350 degrees and bake for 20-25 minutes more, or until a knife inserted into the center of the quiche comes out clean.
Let cool until the quiche sets up a bit (about 30 minutes) and serve in wedges.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Remove crust from baguette and cut into cubes.
Toss with butter, thyme, garlic and grated Parmesan.
Pour onto a small sheet pan and bake 20 minutes, flipping half way through cooking time. Set aside to cool.
(Alternatively, you can purchase stuffing bread cubes instead of making your own if you are pressed for time)
In a large pan or pot, heat oil and butter over medium high heat and add shallots.
Cook for two minutes and add garlic. Cook for one minute.
Add kale and spinach and cook just until wilted, about two minutes.
Stir corn starch and goat cheese into cream to form a slurry and add to kale mixture.
Stir and cook over medium heat until bubbling.
Add Parmesan, Romano, salt, pepper and cheddar cheese and cook until the cheese has melted into the mixture.
Butter an 8x8-inch pan or equivalent-size casserole dish and pour in the kale mixture.
Pour cooled toasted bread cubes into a food possessor and pulse just to break up into rice sized pieces.
Pour over kale, cover with foil and bake for 10 minutes. Remove foil and bake for five minutes more.
Serve hot.


In a medium to large sauce pan, fill ¾ full with water and add the one tablespoon of white vinegar. Bring to a boil and gently spoon in the six room temperature raw eggs in shells, being careful not to break the shells. When the water comes back to a boil, time five minutes and shut off burner. Leave the eggs in the hot water for 15 more minutes. Pour off water, shake pan to crack shells and under cool running water, peel the shells from eggs. Slice cooled eggs into about 4-5 slices per egg.
In a large skillet, cook bacon until crisp. Remove to paper towels and crumble or rough chop and set aside. Reserve two tablespoons of the bacon fat and discard the rest.
Heat the bacon fat over medium heat and sauté the chopped red onion until translucent, about five minutes. Add the white balsamic vinegar and scrape down pan of any brown bits. Add sugar, mustard and water and stir to combine. Remove from heat until ready to serve.
In one large bowl layer all ingredients or in six individual serving bowls, divide ingredients between each. (Spinach, sliced red onion, sliced mushroom, sliced cooked eggs and crisp crumpled bacon)
To serve, heat dressing to hot and serve over salad or on the side.


In a small dry frying pan, over medium heat, lightly toast the pecan halves until just golden brown. Remove from the heat and let cool.
In a small bowl, whisk together the 
In a large bowl, place spinach, strawberries and pecans. Pour vinaigrette in as well and toss to coat.
Serve immediately.


In a large mixing bowl, combine the softened butter, sugar, egg, salt and vanilla. Beat at medium speed until creamy (about 2-3 minutes), scraping sides of bowl as necessary to make sure that all ingredients are combined.
Reduce speed to low and add flour slowly (about ½ a cup at a time). Beat until well mixed (about 1-2 additional minutes).
Chill dough for 15 to 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees
Place dough into a cookie press and form the dough into desired shapes about 1 inch apart on an ungreased cookie sheet. (Decorate with colored sugar before baking if desired, or you can wait to decorate until after the cookies have been baked.)
Bake for 6 to 8 minutes until edges of cookie are lightly browned.
Remove from the oven and let cool for several minutes on the cookie sheet. When the cookies are firm enough to remove with a spatula, cool on a wire rack until completely cooled.
Decorate the cookies more if desired.


Carefully cut watermelon into slices - approximately 1-inch thick. (To get the most stars out of your slice, try to leave the watermelon whole while you slice.)
Lay each slice flat on a cutting board. Using a star-shaped cookie cutter, push down firmly to create your watermelon stars. Continue to cut star shapes, getting the cookie cutter as close as possible to the prior cuts.
Add watermelon stars to a serving bowl along with fresh blueberries.
Serve immediately or chill until ready to serve.


In a medium sauté pan place shallots, oil and butter and bring up to temperature over a medium low flame. Cook stirring occasionally for 15-20 minutes until the shallots are golden brown but not over cooked. (longer if needed) Place a small strainer over a bowl and strain. Do not discard fat. Lay shallots on a paper towel to dry. Warning, these are hard not to snack on so try and resist and save for the steak.
Place the steak on a flat surface and sprinkle both sides of the steak with the cracked black pepper, pressing the pepper into the steak as best as you can so it sticks.
In a cast iron or heavy bottomed pan over medium high heat, pour 1½ tablespoon of the fat you drained from the shallots. When pan starts to smoke, add steaks and do not move around. Let them sear for about 2-3 minutes per side. Reduce pan temperature to medium and cook steaks, turning as needed to your doneness. A thicker steak will take longer than a thinner steak obviously so use the poke test to tell when done. Make a fist and feel the pad of your palm. That is how the steak should feel. Squeezed tight the pad of your palm should be firm and hard similar to well done. Loosen up a bit and that is how medium would feel and so on down to soft and squishy for rare.
Once steaks are cooked, remove to a dish to rest. Cover loosely with foil.
Heat pan to medium and add cognac away from flame. Cognac will ignite so be careful. Scrape pan bottom and stir to get brown bits from pan. Add cream and stir until hot. Add butter and mix until butter melts into sauce. Remove from heat and add liquid that has drained from resting steaks then season sauce with salt if needed.
On a cutting board, cut steak into slices against the grain and serve with pan sauce and crispy shallots.


Lay meat on cutting board and sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper.
Begin layering beef and thyme sprigs in several layers into a zip lock quart bag so that the thyme is layered throughout.
The following day, discard thyme and pat beef dry with paper towels.
In a large cast iron skillet, melt butter over the highest heat you can and keep the flame on high throughout.
Once the pan is smoking hot, (turn your range hood fan on high) but before the butter burns, place one third of the beef not touching each other in the hot fat and sear 1½ to 2 minutes per side, maximum four minutes total. Remove to a platter and repeat for the next two batches.
Pour hot fat over cooked steak bites and serve. (**Caution, due to the extreme heat, the cast iron skillet will be hot enough to pass heat through your oven mitt to your hand, like it did with mine. Double up when grabbing the handle.)


In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt one tablespoon of butter with one tablespoon of extra virgin olive oil. Place the onion slices into the pan and slowly sauté for 15-20 minutes until browned and caramelized, stirring and flipping occasionally. Add a pinch of salt, a few grinds of pepper and a large pinch of sugar and stir to combine. Cook on low for another 5 minutes. Remove from heat.
While onions are cooking, heat a large skillet over high heat with one tablespoon of butter and one tablespoon of oil. (Mushrooms will be cooked in two batches). Once butter mixture is hot, place half the mushrooms in and stir. Cook for 2-3 minutes and flip each slice and cook for another 2 minutes. Repeat with the last of the oil and butter and second half of mushrooms. (You may not need all of the butter and oil for the second batch.)
When the second batch of mushrooms are cooked, add first batch in with second batch and pull pan from burner. Add in bourbon and slowly place back on flame. The mixture should flame up and then burn off the alcohol. Season with salt and pepper and remove from heat.
At this point you can add cooked mushrooms in with the cooked onions and reuse the large skillet to cook the steak.
Heat large skillet over medium high heat and add one tablespoon of olive oil. Add in steak and with two wooden spoons, pull steak apart and turn and cook for 2-3 minutes until cooked through. Season with a little more salt and pepper.
Add onions and mushrooms to the steak, stir to combine and turn off heat. Place provolone slices over the steak mixture and cover pan to melt the cheese, about one minute.
Spread 


In a medium sauce pan, place all marinade ingredients and bring to a boil, then reduce heat and gently simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely.
Trim any gristle or large pieces of fat from beef. Cut into large pieces; about 2-3 inches square. Place cut beef in a zip lock bag. Pour cooled marinade over beef, seal and marinate 8-24 hours.
In a medium sauté pan over low heat melt butter in olive oil and place onions, salt, pepper and sugar and cook stirring occasionally for 30-40 minutes until onions are caramelized but not cooked down too much. Start cooking tips as the onions get close to finishing.
When you are ready to grill, drain all marinade and heat a ribbed grill pan over extremely high heat or heat your outdoor BBQ grill to the highest setting.
Lightly oil or spray pan or grill and place beef onto grill or pan not touching each other and cook untouched for 2-3 minutes (Depending on how thick they are and how hot your grill or stove gets, the timing will need to be monitored). If you are not certain, cut into one and check for doneness. Turn once and cook for another 1-2 minutes for medium rare. Remove to a platter and serve with the caramelized onions.


Place steel cut oats in a large bowl and cover with the one cup of boiling water. Let sit uncovered at room temperature for 2 hours. Stir once half way through.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium bowl, sift flour, baking powder and salt.
In a small microwave safe bowl, melt butter and honey then stir into bowl with oats.
Beat egg into milk and alternately add milk mixture and flour mixture to large bowl with oats stirring with a wooden spoon as you add each. Do not over mix, just mix to combine wet into dry.
Generously spray a standard size loaf pan with non-stick cooking spray and scrape the dough into the pan. Using a spatula, smooth out the top then place in oven for 70 minutes (one hour and ten minutes), or until a tooth pick inserted in center comes out clean. The dough is dense so we recommend leaving in for the full 70 minutes.
As soon as the bread comes out of the oven, remove from pan and cool on a wire rack to cool completely.
Slice and serve with additional drizzled honey.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with the whip attachment, place in eggs and beat until pale in color, about two minutes. Add honey, both zests and both extracts and beat to combine. Switch to paddle attachment.
Place steel cut oats in a food processor and process for one minute. Add instant oats, baking powder, cinnamon and salt and pulse once.
Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and turn mixer on low to mix together.
Add fruit and nuts and turn on for another 5-10 seconds to mix together.
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Line two sheet pans with parchment paper.
Divide the dough between the two pans making into a flat bar that is 3 ½ inches wide by 10 inches long.
Bake for 30 minutes then remove from oven and cool for 10 minutes.
Peel from parchment and place on cutting board. Cut on an angle and cut 10 slices per bar.
Place back on pans cut side down on new parchment paper and bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven, turn each piece over and bake for another 10 minutes.
Remove from oven and transfer to cooling racks.


Bring a large pot of water to a boil and have a large bowl with ice water and a spider or strainer standing by. Also have a tray ready for when you remove the tomatoes from the ice bath.
Pull the stem off each tomato and make an X on the bottom of each.
A few at a time, drop the tomatoes into the boiling water. After a minute or so, you will see the skins pull away from the X. With the spider or strainer, remove to the ice bath and then to the waiting tray. Repeat for all tomatoes adding more ice as needed.
Place the tray of tomatoes on your counter and have a bowl with a strainer and a second bowl standing by. One at a time, pull the skin and place in strainer. Hold the tomatoes over the strainer as you seed them. For Roma, dig into the sides and scrape the seeds out, letting the seeds fall into the strainer. Pull the green inner stem and place with the seeds. Place the meat of the tomato into the other bowl. For the large tomatoes, after skinning, cut them in half on the horizon and reach in each half and scrape out the seeds letting them fall into the strainer. Pull the green hard inner stem out and place with the seeds. Place the meat in the bowl with the Roma’s.
Once all the tomatoes have been cleaned, squeeze the seeds and skin to get every last bit of juice or pulp through the strainer. Discard seeds and skin. The liquid in the bowl can now be added to the tomato meat in the other bowl. You should have about two quarts. There is no need to cut the tomatoes any further (the larger the better)
In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium high heat, place olive oil, onion, celery, bell peppers, jalapeno, parsley, basil, mint, sugar, salt and red pepper flakes. Sauté mixture for 10 minutes.
Add tomatoes, bring back up to a low boil, reduce to a simmer and cook for 10 more minutes. (Try not to break up the tomatoes too much while stirring)
Taste, adjust seasoning and serve, refrigerate for up to four days or freeze in zip lock bags for up to six months.


Start by preparing the finishing sauce. Place a small sauce pan over medium heat and place soy sauce, chicken stock, rice vinegar, sugar and sesame oil. Heat the mixture just to hot. Mix corn starch with a little water to form a slurry and add to sauce. Stir to thicken, remove from heat and set aside.
Have a large bowl standing by.
Start the rice now and let that cook while you prepare the stir fry. Follow box instructions for three packages of the rice medley and 2 ½ cups of stock.
Heat a wok to high and add one tablespoon of the peanut oil. Once smoking hot, add garlic, ginger, scallions and pepper flakes and toss and stir continually for about two minutes.
Add carrots and stir fry one minute then add two tablespoons of chicken stock. Stir and toss for one to two minutes until tender but crisp then remove to the waiting bowl.
Heat wok back up and add one more tablespoon of oil and once smoking hot, add broccoli. Stir fry for one to two minutes then add two tablespoons of chicken stock and stir fry for one more minute then add to bowl.
Add just a few drops of peanut oil to hot wok and add red bell pepper pieces. Stir fry about two minutes then add to bowl.
Add one more tablespoon of oil and once smoking hot, add half the salmon one piece at a time, spacing apart. Cook for about a minute and a half, then flip and cook for another minute and a half. Transfer to the bowl and repeat with the remaining oil and salmon.
After the second batch of salmon is in the bowl, add the sauce to the wok along with the peas and peanuts. Heat just to hot then add the cooked food from the bowl and gently toss to combine, being careful not to break the salmon pieces up.
Heat just to hot then serve over Multi-Grain Medley with the chopped scallion tops sprinkled over each portion.


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Once boiling, add noodles and cook to al dente. Drain and toss with melted butter.
At the same time, in a large sauté pan over medium high, heat oil and salt pork and cook until crisp. Add prosciutto and cook until meat is crisp. Drain off fat and discard.
Place cooked meat, cream, peas, pepper and half the cheese back into the pan and cook just to hot. Add buttered noodles and remaining cheese. Toss and serve.


In a medium bowl, combine quartered strawberries, confectioner’s sugar and Grand Marnier liqueur. Stir gently and mix well. Allow to sit for 20 minutes to macerate.
While the strawberries macerate, in a medium bowl, mix sour cream, brown sugar and brandy. Stir to combine until the sugar is fully dissolved. Set aside.
In a separate chilled metal bowl, whip heavy cream into stiff peaks. Fold heavy cream into sour cream mixture and blend well.
When ready to serve, spoon macerated strawberries into individual serving bowls. Spoon whipped cream mixture over the top.


In the bowl of a food processor, place both flours, powdered sugar and salt. Pulse once or twice.
Place cold butter and cold shortening into flour mixture and pulse about six times until fat forms small pea sized shapes.
Add vanilla and egg and pulse to combine.
Add cold water and pulse just until mixed.
On a floured surface, pour contents of food processor and form with your hands into a thick disk shape dough. Cover tightly with plastic and refrigerate one hour.
After the hour, remove plastic and place dough on floured work surface and roll to 18 X 24 inches. Using a three inch cookie cutter cut out circles. Collect and roll out scraps again on a floured work surface and cut more circles to yield a total of 48 circles. Discard remaining scraps.
Lightly dust work surface and lay out the 48 circles. Place 1 ½ teaspoons of cold jam into the center of 24 circles.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Dip your fingers in a little bowl of water and wet the outside edge of a filled circle. Pick up a plain circle and press it in your fingers to make it slightly larger than the circle it will cover. Lay it over the circle you just wet and press down all edges. Repeat for the remaining circles until you have 24 complete. Use a fork and go back over all 24 brambles and gently press all of the edges of each.
Prepare two sheet pans by lining them with parchment.
Place 12 on each pan. If they stick to the counter a bit, use a bench scraper or spatula to lift them from counter and slide onto the pan.
Beat the egg with a tablespoon of water and brush the tops of each bramble. Sprinkle the 
Bake for 20 minutes. Towards the end of the bake time, just as they are finishing browning, the jam will ooze from the vent hole. This is what you want and is part of the look of this pastry.
Remove to a cooling rack immediately so they don’t stick to the parchment paper while cooling.
Serve immediately or, once cooled, store tightly covered at room temperature.


Put the water into a small saucepan and sprinkle the gelatin over the water. Without stirring, let the gelatin soften for about 1 minute. Then heat the mixture on the stove over low heat, stirring until the gelatin is fully dissolved. (If any lumps form in the gelatin, remove them with a spoon.) Chill gelatin slightly before going to next step.
In a blender or food processor, blend the gelatin mixture, cream cheese, strawberries and powdered sugar until thoroughly mixed. Pour into a large mixing bowl.
In a chilled bowl, whip the cream until stiff peaks form. Fold the whipped cream into the strawberry mixture stirring gently until the cream is fully incorporated into the strawberry mixture.
Spoon the mousse into 4 dessert dishes. Chill for at least 4 hours or overnight. (The dishes of mousse may also be chilled in the freezer to speed up the process although you will end up with more of a frozen dessert than a light fluffy mousse dessert).
Garnish with extra strawberry pieces or other topping of your choice.


Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line a 12-cup muffin pan with paper liners. Set pan aside.
In a medium-size sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.
In a larger mixing bowl, combine the sugar, egg, oil, milk and vanilla and stir until completely combined. Add the dry ingredients to the milk mixture, stirring to mix – but being careful not to over mix. (The batter should be slightly lumpy.) Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the cream cheese until smooth.
Add the sugar, egg and vanilla and mix again until smooth. Set aside.
Mix the flour, sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl.
Add the butter pieces to the cinnamon mixture and using a fork or pastry blender (
Spoon a tablespoon of the batter into the bottom of each liner. Next, sprinkle a few pieces of strawberries on top of the batter (you want to leave enough strawberries for another top layer), then evenly divide the cream cheese mixture across all 12 muffins cups (about ½ tablespoon in each) spooning the filling on top of the strawberries. Sprinkle a little of the cinnamon streusel on top of the cream cheese (you will want to leave enough of the cinnamon streusel for another top layer). Then finish by adding another layer of the remaining batter, the remaining strawberries and the remaining cinnamon mixture on top.
Bake for 15-20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin comes out clean. Remove to a wire rack to cool completely.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour an 8-inch springform pan.
Place quartered strawberries in a bowl and sprinkle with one tablespoon of sugar. Stir to coat, then set aside.
In a large bowl, combine flour, remaining sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut cold butter into small ½-inch pieces and sprinkle over the flour mixture, being careful not to let the pieces of butter touch each other. Use a pastry blender to mix the butter into the flour mixture, creating a crumb-like texture (make sure that the butter is evenly mixed into the flour as much as possible). Add egg and mix just enough so that the egg is evenly mixed throughout, but you still have a crumbly texture.
Measure out 1 cup of the crumb mixture and set aside. Pour the remaining crumb mixture evenly into the bottom of the prepared springform pan. Spread the strawberries evenly across the crumb mixture in the pan. Using a teaspoon, place dollops of Nutella over the strawberries. Sprinkle the top of the strawberry-Nutella layer with the reserved crumb mixture.
Bake for 30-40 minutes or until the top crumb mixture is golden. Let cool for 15 minutes before removing sides of the springform pan, then slice to serve.
Note: We think this Strawberry Nutella Crumb Torte tastes best when served warm. This can be made in advance and chilled. Then reheat slightly in a warm oven just before serving.


Preheat oven to 360 degrees F. I know that sounds like an odd temperature but the oven needs to be slightly hotter than 350 degrees F for this to bake properly.
Prepare a 12 cup muffin pan with paper cup liners.
Make sure that the mixing bowl, whips, beaters and muffin tin are free from any grease or fat residue.
In a medium bowl mix half the super fine sugar with salt and cake flour. Set aside.
Either in the bowl of a stand mixer with a whip attachment, or with a hand mixer in a large bowl, slowly beat egg whites with water, all extracts and cream of tartar for two minutes. Increase speed to medium, add remaining sugar and beat until the mixture has medium peaks.
Remove from mixer. Place a sifter over mixture and slowly sift dry mixture over top of whipped egg whites while you gently fold in. Do this a little at a time until all of the dry has been folded in.
Using a scoop, divide the mixture between the 12 cups. The batter will fill to the top and pile slightly higher than the edge of each cup. This is what you want.
Gently place the tin in middle rack of preheated oven for 15 minutes. Insert a tooth pick into the center of a cupcake and if it comes out dry, remove the pan from the oven. If not, bake for 30 to 60 seconds longer.
As soon as the cupcakes are cool enough to touch, remove to a cooling rack with paper cups left on. Once they cool, the paper will peel right off so try not to peel them until completely cool.
Clean the mixing bowl and whip attachments then place both in the refrigerator. These will be used later to whip the cream and whipped cream comes out better with cold utensils and bowls.
To prepare the strawberries, wash them and drain but do not dry them. Remove the green top then slice the berries vertically into thick slices and place into a medium bowl. They will be wet to handle which is what you want.
Add the confectioner’s sugar and toss. Over a period of 10-20 minutes, the confectioner’s sugar will mix with the liquid and make a nice sauce. For a thicker sauce, add more powdered sugar. Set aside.
Remove the chilled bowl and whips and whip cream to whipped consistency. The berries are sweet enough so no need to add more sugar to the cream.
To assemble, peel two cooled cakes and place on a serving dish. Ladle berries and sauce over both and top with whipped cream.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream butter until light and fluffy.
Add sugar, baking powder and salt and beat until well creamed.
With mixer running, add one egg at a time and mix to combine. Scrape bowl and mix again.
Add vanilla and optional Fiori di Sicilia and mix to combine.
Add flour and mix on low until a thick, almost dough like batter is formed.
Spray a 10 inch low rimmed cake pan with pan spray and pour in batter. Spread batter to edges.
Place the two cups of cut up berries over top, seed side up.
Sprinkle the Turbinado sugar over the top and bake for 35-40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
Serve warm or at room temperature.


Place strawberries and sugar into a blender or small food processor. Pulse on high until strawberries and sugar are pulverized (add a bit of the vinegar if necessary). Add the vinegar and blend until completely mixed.
Allow the strawberry-vinegar mixture to sit in the blender for one hour (this will allow the strawberry flavor to infuse the vinegar).
After the hour is up, pour the mixture through a fine sieve lined with a piece of cheesecloth. Allow to drain completely, using a spoon to push the vinegar through the cheesecloth if necessary.


If you are using our pizza dough recipe, follow the directions in that recipe to prepare the dough.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees with rack in center.
On a floured surface with a rolling pin, roll out each dough ball into a rectangle one at a time 30 inches long by 3 inches wide. (If they stretch back a bit, cover and let rest for ten minutes to allow the gluten to relax.) Place 12 mozzarella halves end to end on each strip, leaving a little room to seal the ends.
Brush one side of the dough with water and fold the opposite side over the cheese so each edge meets. Press down or use the back of a fork to press the two sides together. (You must have a good seal.) Fold the two ends in on themselves and again, seal tightly. Then brush the top of the fold with water (where you just pinched it closed) and roll the filled dough onto the fold so you end up with the seam side down. Repeat this for the other two dough balls using 12 half pieces of cheese in each. (36 total pieces cut from 18 sticks)
Lay out a parchment lined cookie sheet on the counter and lay the three rolls next to each other from corner to corner over the sheet tray. (The finished braid is too difficult to lift so making the braid on the pan is the easiest.) Pinch the tops of each roll to each other and tuck under that end. Now braid crossing the outside to the middle (like you were braiding hair). Keep crossing outside to the middle until you are at the end, then fold and seal the end under. If the braid is not positioned properly on the pan, adjust it now.
Brush or spray the top with olive oil and generously sprinkle the top with kosher salt.
Place in the oven and bake for 15 minutes. Remove from oven, spray the top with more oil (pan spray or brush on) and sprinkle on the grated cheese. Return to oven and bake for 20-25 minutes until the top is golden brown. Check the bottom to make sure it is not over-browning toward the ends. If it is, raise the oven rack for the remaining baking time.
Serve hot right out of the oven, left whole, with 


Wash peppers, trim off tops and using a teaspoon, dig out seeds and ribs. Rinse and let dry.
In a cast iron skillet, over medium heat, place the two tablespoons of olive oil and once hot, place cubed bread into oil and toss and cook to brown, about 5-10 minutes. Remove toasted bread and any oil to a large bowl. The skillet will be used later in this recipe.
Pour one cup of tomato sauce over the cooked bread and squish it into the bread with your hands or use a heavy whip. The mixture should be completely mixed to a mushy finish.
Add olives, anchovy paste, Romano, garlic, basil, parsley and pepper. Stir to combine.
Divide filling between the peppers, pressing the stuffing in to the end. OK if a little hangs out.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. (Note: most Italian pepper recipes don’t finish in the oven and are cooked entirely on the stove top. I think they get too dark doing it that way so I cook half on the stove to brown and finish in the oven to cook through.)
Using the same cast iron skillet as before, heat the ¼ cup of olive oil over medium heat.
Dry the outside of the peppers of any water so they don’t splatter when cooking.
Once the oil is hot, cook the peppers in the hot oil in two batches. Turn and cook until each batch is browned, about 15 minutes each. You may still need a 
Pour one cup of sauce into a casserole dish large enough to fit all of the peppers.
As each batch is cooked, transfer to the prepared casserole dish and once the dish is full, cover with the remaining cup of sauce.
Bake uncovered for about 15 minutes or until heated through.
Serve with additional grated Romano cheese.


To make the filling, in a medium sauté pan, heat oil and sauté onions with Italian seasonings over medium heat. After five minutes add prosciutto and cook for another three minutes. Add spinach and cook for two more minutes. Remove from heat and let cool.
In a medium bowl, place capicola, salami, provolone, mozzarella and Parmesan cheese. Mix to combine.
Add cooled mixture from pan to meat and cheese and stir to combine. Do not clean the sauté pan yet.
Cover and refrigerate filling until a later step.
To make meatballs, place bread in a large bowl and cover with milk, making sure bread is completely covered and soaks up the milk.
In the same sauté pan as before, over medium heat place olive oil and add onions. Cook for five minutes then add garlic and cook for one more minute. Remove from heat to cool.
Add the whole eggs to the soaked bread and stir vigorously to combine. Add Italian seasoning, parsley, salt, pepper and Parmesan cheese and again mix to combine all ingredients.
Add ground beef and pork and gently combine to incorporate but do not over mix.
Divide this mixture into eight equal portions.
Line a small sheet tray with parchment paper and set aside.
Fill a bowl with water to wet your hands as you work. Also have a spatula and cutting board standing by.
Remove the filling from refrigeration and divide that into eight portions.
Take one portion of meatball mix and with wet hands, roll into a ball then place on a cutting board and press down into the center. Compress a portion of filling in your hands and place on the meat. Use the spatula to lift it from the board to your hand and start pressing the sides up around the filling to the top, pinching closed at the top.
Place this pinched side down on the sheet tray.
Repeat for the remaining meatballs.
Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Once the oven is up to temperature, pull the tray from refrigeration and spray the tops and sides of each meatball with a kitchen pan spray or brush with oil and then place directly into the oven. Bake for 20 minutes uncovered.
While the meatballs are cooking, place a large skillet on a stove burner and heat up your 
When the meat balls come out of the oven, use a spatula and place all eight into the 
Remove meatballs from sauce after 15 minutes and serve with additional Parmesan cheese..


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Pour hazelnuts onto a sheet tray and toast for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and shake and roll to remove skins. Turn off oven. Alternatively you can place them in a dry sauté pan over medium high heat and toast to remove skins.
Place peeled hazelnuts into a food processor and pulse to a crumb. Not fine but small pieces.
Mix ¼ cup of the toasted hazelnut crumbs with the ½ cup of Nutella.
Line a sheet tray with parchment and divide the mixture into 24 little mounds using two teaspoons. Place in freezer to harden.
In a small bowl, sift flour, salt and baking powder. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream butter with a paddle for about 30 seconds.
Add sugar and beat to combine.
Scrape bowl, add whole egg and beat to combine.
Add the flour mixture, and remaining chopped hazelnuts, and beat on low to combine.
Place the dough on your counter or cutting board and roll to a log 18 inches long. (Or two 9 inch logs).
Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for one hour.
After one hour, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place rack in the top one third of your oven.
Cut the log into 48 equal slices. If you wrapped dough into two smaller logs, cut each into 24.
On your cutting board or counter, press 24 circles flat using your thumb.
Remove Nutella mixture from freezer and place one mound onto each flattened circle.
Note: The cookies bake 12 per pan so keep half the Nutella in the freezer to stay hard while you work on the first pan.
Take the remaining 24 cuts and flatten with your fingers and press one over each mound, sealing the edges with your fingers. (I found that keeping my fingers wet stopped the dough from sticking to my hands)
Line two sheet trays with parchment and using a spatula, lift each stuffed cookie from the counter to the pan, 12 per pan.
Bake for 16-18 minutes or until golden on top with the bottoms slightly browned.
Remove from oven, then slide the parchment onto a cooling rack and cool completely before removing from the parchment.
Repeat for the second pan.
Once cool, mix the remaining ¼ cup of Nutella with the cream and place in a small pastry bag with the tip cut off and drizzle over the tops of the cookies.
Hard to tell how long these will last because they were eaten in one afternoon. But I'm guessing if you store them in an airtight container, they will be fine for a few days.


Cook bacon to crisp, cut in half to yield 24 pieces and set aside.
In a large bowl, soak bread in tomato juice and milk. While mixture is soaking prepare the remaining ingredients.
After the bread has soaked for at least 10 minutes, add egg and stir mixture to form a soft paste.
Add veal, sausage meat, onion, garlic, parsley, herbs, salt and pepper. Mix just until combined and not over worked.
Measure out twenty four (24) equal portions (about 1 ¾ ounces each).
Lay out plastic or parchment on a sheet tray then flatten twelve ball portions into three inch rounds.
Take a 4 inch cookie cutter and cut out 12 4-inch provolone circles and set those aside until later. Take the remaining cheese scraps and dice very small. There should be about ½ cup once diced. (more or less OK)
In a separate small bowl, mix the diced provolone, sun dried tomato pieces and pesto. Mix to combine.
Divide this mixture to the center of the twelve patties. Flatten out the remaining twelve balls and set over filling on each of the twelve.
Pinch the edges to seal the top and bottom. Using the plastic or paper, lift the edge and lift each sealed patty into your hand one at a time, forming and shaping to get a perfect patty shape, with no filling showing trying not to press too hard in the center.
Place these back on the sheet tray as you form and place tray in the refrigerator while heating your grill.
Heat up your grill, getting one side as hot as it will get and the other side heated to a medium to low heat.
Cut each slider roll and smear the bottom with mayonnaise. Place lettuce and tomato on bottom roll half and top tomato with two bacon pieces.
Bring burgers and sliced provolone cheese to the grill. Brush the burger tops with with oil, then place all 12 sliders on the hot side of the grill, oiled side down. (Tip - Always oil the food, never oil the grill). Brush the other side of each burger with oil. Cook the veal burgers for two minutes, flip with a spatula, and cook for two more minutes. (Never press down on a burger with the spatula - pressing will cause the loss of juices and cause the burgers to be dry.)
Move each burger to the cooler side of the grill, top with sliced provolone and close the grill for about two minutes or until cheese has melted and the slider is fully cooked. (In order to get the filling hot and the inside cheese to melt, the burgers should be fully cooked - around 160 degrees. Use a meat thermometer to ensure you've reached the correct temperature. )
Place burgers on each prepared roll and enjoy.


Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Spray a 13x9” baking dish with non-stick cooking spray and set aside.
In a medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat butter and sugar for 3 to 4 minutes - until pale and fluffy. Slowly stir in egg, egg white, cream and vanilla and mix until combined.
With the mixer on low speed, slowly add in the dry mixture and mix until completely combined. Fold in the M&M;’s and nuts and mix evenly throughout.
Press the mixture into the prepared pan – placing a sheet of plastic wrap over the dough to make it easier to spread the dough without having it stick to your hands.
Bake for 20-25 minutes or until the edges are lightly golden brown (the center should be soft but not uncooked).
Cool completely. Cut into squares.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees
In a medium pot of salted water, boil potato cubes for 5-8 minutes until just cooked without getting too soft. Drain potatoes and lay them on a small pan and place in oven for five minutes to dry. Then cool potatoes to room temperature.
While potatoes are cooking, in a medium bowl, place red onion, jicama and beets and toss. Add both vinegars and dry oregano, toss again and let sit at room temperature while you prepare the rest of the dish.
Once the potatoes are cool, pass through a potato ricer with the largest holes on the disk into a medium bowl. Add the salt and pepper and gently mix to combine.
Divide this mixture into eight even balls.
Spray a 3 ½ inch round biscuit cutter with non-stick cooking spray and place on your cutting board. Place one potato ball in cutter and press to edges and bottom. Make a slight indentation with your thumb in the center.
Divide the goat cheese into four pieces and press into circles the size of a silver dollar and place one in the center of the potato patty.
Place a second ball over the top and press to edges. Remove cutter and with a spatula, slide the stuffed potato patty onto a plate. Repeat for the remaining three and refrigerate the plate for 30 minutes to firm up the mixture. (These can be made ahead up to a day. Keep covered in the refrigerator).
Before cooking the patties, prepare four salad plates by lining with salad greens.
Add ½ cup of olive oil to onion and beet mixture and stir. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Heat a large nonstick sauté pan over medium high heat and heat the ¼ cup of olive oil.
Remove potato patties from refrigeration and when the oil is hot, slip a spatula under each one and place in the pan not touching. Then leave them alone for about 4 minutes. Peek under one and if golden, very gently flip to brown the other side. These are very delicate so a steady hand is needed.
While they cook on the other side, with a slotted spoon divide the onion and beet mixture between each plate, leaving the dressing in the bowl.
Add the tomatoes, cucumber and avocado to the dressing and gently toss to coat and again with a slotted spoon, remove to the plates, leaving the center open.
Once the potato patties are browned, gently remove from pan and place in the center of each dish.
Finally spoon a little dressing over the top of each patty and serve.


In a large sauté pan, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil over medium high and sauté onions for 3-4 minutes until translucent.
Add garlic and squash and cook for five minutes stirring often.
Add tomatoes (if using canned, include juice), oregano, salt and pepper. Turn to low, cover and cook covered on low for 20 minutes, stirring once or twice.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
While vegetables are cooking, cook pasta according to package directions and drain. Put the pasta back into the pot and coat with remaining two teaspoons of olive oil.
In a 10 inch pie plate, place cooked vegetables with all liquid.
Dob the top with the ricotta cheese and place the cooked pasta over the top to cover.
In a small bowl mix bread crumbs and Parmesan and sprinkle over the top of the pasta.
Bake for 30 minutes until golden brown.
Let sit for 10 minutes and serve.
The servings will not be perfect pie wedge shapes so just use a serving spoon to spoon onto serving dishes.




In a medium sauce pan, heat milk to scalding but not boiling.
In a larger pan melt butter over medium heat and whisk in flour to form a roux. Stir and cook for 3-5 minutes until it turns slightly tan and picks up a nutty smell.
Add hot milk one third at a time whipping quickly during each addition. Cook for 30 seconds before adding the second and third addition of the hot milk.
Add seasoning and cook for five minutes over medium whipping often. The final consistency will be creamy and slightly thick.
In a medium sauté pan melt over medium heat, add clarified butter and once hot, stir in flour with a wooden spoon. Heat and stir for about three minutes to form a “white roux”. The color will be barley colored and chalky. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a sauce pan, heat milk to scalding but do not boil.
In a larger pan, heat two tablespoons of clarified butter over low to moderate heat and add onions. Cook for 6-8 minutes until the onions are translucent.
Add the white roux from the first step and stir to combine. Cook until very hot, about two minutes.
Add the hot milk one third at a time, whisking during each addition. Bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer and cook 30 minutes.
Add seasoning to taste.
Strain through a double cheese cloth and serve or hold refrigerated for other sauces or dishes.




Cut large slices from each loaf, (1-2 inches wide). Turn and slice the other way so you have strips. Then turn again and cut into cubes.
Lay the cubes out on two sheet pans (you want them in a single layer) and dry for 24 hours uncovered.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
After the bread cubes have dried, place cubes into a large bowl.
Melt butter and pour over bread, tossing and turning the cubes as you pour so they are evenly coated.
In a small bowl, mix all spices and sprinkle evenly over bread cubes as you toss and turn them. (Depending how spicy you like your croutons, you may or may not use all of the spice mix.)
Pour bread cubes back onto the same two sheet pans (again, you want a single layer) and bake on two oven racks for ten minutes. Remove from oven, flip each crouton and return the baking sheets to oven making sure the two pans swap oven racks so one pan does not cook more than the other and bake for an additional ten minutes.
Remove the croutons from the oven and cool. Then use on any salad.
Store leftover croutons in a zipper seal bag in the refrigerator or freezer. Bring to room temperature before serving.


Place a fine mesh strainer over a deep bowl and line with 3 or 4 layers of cheesecloth, making sure that the cloth hangs over the edges of the strainer. Set aside.
Combine the milk, cream and salt in a large saucepan over medium heat. Attach a candy thermometer to the side of the sauce pan and heat the milk mixture, stirring occasionally.
When the mixture reaches 190 degrees, remove from the heat and add the lemon juice, giving the mixture a gentle stir.
Allow the mixture to set for 5 minutes (you’ll start to see some small curds form), then carefully pour the curdled mixture through the cheesecloth-lined mesh strainer.
Allow the whey to drain for 1 to 2 hours – depending on how wet or dry you want your cheese to be. As the ricotta drains into the bowl, avoid having the bottom of the strainer sit in the whey. (Pour off any excess whey so that the ricotta will fully drain.)
Store refrigerated in an airtight container up to 4 days.




If using 
Cook bacon to almost crisp and remove to paper towels to drain. Cut into bite sized pieces.
Add chicken pieces to hot bacon fat and cook one to two minutes and remove to paper towels to drain.
Place onions in same fat and cook until slightly under cooked. (No longer crisp but not fully cooked through). Discard fat.
Place a grill pan in grill and preheat to hottest your grill can get.
In a mini food processor (
Sprinkle some flour on your counter and roll each dough into a ten inch round. Dust a 
Slide dough from peel onto heated grill pan and cook about one minute until dough is stiff and slight grill marks appear on bottom. Repeat for second dough.
Move grill pan to one side of grill and shut off burner just below pan or turn down to low while keeping the other burners on full. Keep lid closed to retain heat.
On each semi-cooked dough round, place some of the roasted pepper sauce (may have a little leftover), then top with cooked chicken, cooked onion, cooked bacon and smoked cheese.
Place on peel and slide into grill pan and cook five to seven minutes until the cheese is melted and bubbly and the crust is just starting to char. Time will depend on your grill.
Repeat for second pizza, cut and enjoy.




Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Using a mandoline or by hand, cut potatoes into long strips.
Place cut potatoes into water to remove starch, then drain and dry completely using paper towels.
Using a candy thermometer, heat oil to 325 degrees F.
Cook in two batches for three minutes each keeping burner on high to maintain temperature.
Remove using a spider or strainer to a sheet pan, but do not place on paper towels to drain yet.
Heat the same oil to 375 degrees and add pre-cooked potatoes and cook for three more minutes cooking in two batches.
Place each batch on paper towels to drain then place on sheet tray. Lightly salt. Place in the oven to keep hot until the second batch is cooked.
Serve with your favorite condiment.




In the bowl of a stand mixer, sift in cold flour, salt and yeast. Place paddle onto mixer and mix to incorporate dry ingredients.
In a 2 cup measure, fill to 1 ¾ full with the ice cold water then bring up to two cups with the ¼ cup of the oil.
Turn the mixer on low and slowly but steadily add in the full two cups of the liquid. Once the dry and wet are together and a dough starts to form, replace the paddle with a dough hook and turn to medium.
The dough should just stick to the bottom of the bowl as it turns and not come up off the bottom. If too wet, add a little flour. If too dry, add a little water. Once you have it perfect, keep the speed on medium and knead for six minutes.
Remove the dough to a floured surface and with a knife, dough cutter or bench scraper, cut into six equal pieces. They should each be seven ounces, give or take a little.
Lay out a piece of parchment paper and brush with olive oil to coat. With your hands, form each piece of dough into a rough ball. Place each dough ball on parchment and brush the tops and sides of each ball with more olive oil.
Place all six balls into a gallon zip lock bag and place in the refrigerator overnight.
Note: At this point, you can freeze any dough balls you do not plan on using the next day by sealing them in sandwich sized zip lock bags and freezing for up to three months.
Two hours before you plan on cooking your pizza, remove the dough balls from the refrigerator, flatten to ½ inch thick and about five inches in diameter. Place on a floured surface (does not have to be very warm like it would to rise bread dough, just room temperature). Brush or mist with olive oil and cover with plastic wrap then a towel and let sit for two hours.
Forty five minutes before making pizza, heat oven to its highest temperature and place a pizza stone in the center of the oven. (A pizza stone is crucial to a perfect pizza however if you do not own one, place an upside down sheet pan in the oven and use that as your stone.). The oven and the stone need to be the hottest you can get them.
When you are ready to cook, using a bench scraper, scrape up one dough ball at a time and place on a floured surface. Dip your hands in flour and using a circular motion, flatten the dough and stretch until it is about eight inches. If the dough stretches back, cover it with a towel and let it sit for ten minutes to relax the gluten. If you are comfortable flipping in the air to stretch to the final size, do that now or use a rolling pin to get the dough to your perfect size and thickness, between 9 and 12 inches.
Dust the pizza peel with regular corn meal. This will allow the finished pizza to slide off onto the stone. Gently lift the dough circle onto the peel and top with your favorite sauce, cheese and pizza toppings. For our demonstration, we used our own home made pizza sauce 
Open the oven door and quickly slide the pizza onto the stone with a jerking motion. Do a little at a time and once the corner catches, the peel should slide right out. Close the oven door quickly and if cooking at 550 degrees, the pizza should be done in about seven minutes. Adjust as needed depending on your oven's highest temperature.
Use a pair of tongs, and slide the cooked pizza onto a pan and then onto a cutting board where you will cut into wedges and serve.
If you are pulling dough from the freezer, they still will need to sit overnight in the refrigerator to get the gluten working. Then follow the remaining steps above.


In a medium pan with high sides that has a tight fitting cover (ours was 9 ½ inches round and 2 ½ inches deep), place 1 quart of 
After three minutes, remove from heat, cover and let the chicken sit in the poaching liquid for 8-10 minutes. The thickness of the breasts will determine the exact amount of time they sit in the hot liquid. After eight minutes, pull one out and test for doneness. (A little bit pink inside is OK, the chicken will cook further until it cools).
Once just about cooked, remove to room temperature to cool. After they cool, they can be sliced or shredded depending on your recipe needs.
The poaching liquid should be discarded.


Make raw 
In a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, heat ¼ cup of the olive oil over medium to medium high heat and brown all meat in three batches (except meatballs). Each batch should take about 3-4 minutes on each side. Do not crowd pan. As each batch is browned on both sides, remove to a platter.
Add the remaining olive oil to the pan drippings and add onions, garlic, half of mint, half of basil and half of the red pepper flakes. Cook about three minutes or until onions are transparent scraping up all brown bits from the bottom.
Add tomato paste and stir to combine. Add canned tomatoes and the water. Add salt and pepper and stir. Stir in the other half of the mint, basil and pepper flakes and place the pot over a 
Add the cooked meat back in along with any juices collected from the platter and stir into the sauce.
Gently place the meatballs over the top, spooning a little gravy over them and gently push them into the gravy.
Get the heat to a medium simmer, cover and cook for one hour, occasionally making sure nothing sticks to the bottom with a large wooden spoon.
After an hour, spoon out the meatballs and cook the gravy for an additional hour uncovered.
After the full two hours, collect the fat that pools at the top and discard. Or chill the mixture overnight (better the next day) and pick off the fat that congeals at the top. Just before the meat is fully cooked, add the meatballs back in. Easier to spoon the fat off the top before placing the meatballs back in.
Serve over spaghetti with a 


Mix all three ingredients by hand and serve as a topping to toasted bagels.


In a large bowl, place bread slices and cover with milk, making sure the bread gets completely soaked.
In a small sauté pan over medium heat, cook onions in oil for three or four minutes until tender. Set aside to cool.
To the bowl with the bread, add egg yolks, nutmeg, mustard, salt, pepper and allspice. With a wire whisck, beat until totally combined. Add onions and beat again.
Add beef and pork and gently mix to combine, being careful not to overwork the meat.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Using a #40 scoop (one ounce scoop), scoop out one ounce meatballs by dipping the scoop in water between each meatball. You should yield 43 meatballs. Then roll each one in your palm to make each one round.
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat and add two tablespoons of butter and one tablespoon of oil. Once hot and frothy, gently place half of the meatballs into the pan not touching each other and brown on all sides about 7-8 minutes. I found two soup spoons worked well as tools to grab and roll the meatballs over to brown.
Remove this first batch to a 9x9x2.5-inch casserole dish. Then add the remaining meatballs to the hot fat and repeat the cooking process. Once the last of the meatballs have been removed to the casserole dish, add the remaining butter to the pan and reduce to medium heat.
Once the butter has melted, stir in the flour with a whisk. Cook for about three minutes over medium then add the one quart of hot stock one third at a time whipping as you go.
Add sour cream, dry mustard and Worcestershire sauce and stir.
Taste and add salt and pepper only if needed. (If you used canned stock, you may not need salt).
Pour this mixture over the meatballs and bake for 30 minutes until hot and bubbly.
While the meatballs are baking, cook No Yolks® Noodles according to package direction, timing it so that they are hot when the meatballs come out of the oven.
Serve the meatballs and gravy over the No Yolks® Noodles.


Bring a medium pot of water to a boil and plunge in onions, skin and all.
Boil 2 minutes for cipollini and 4 minutes for small boilers.
Drain water and plunge into ice water.
Drain and remove to your counter. Cut off root end and mark the side with a slit from a knife. Then squeeze the other end and the onion will pop out. The slit is so the whole onion pops out instead of the inside squeezing out. If the brown stem end is still connected, cut that off. Reserve peeled onions in a bowl.
Heat a large sauté pan over medium high heat with the olive oil and add onions, salt and pepper. Cook for about five minutes tossing and turning to brown outside skin.
Add vinegar and cook until most of the vinegar has evaporated, about 2-3 minutes
Add water and for cipollini, cook for about 3-4 minutes covered or until tender. For the boiler onions, cook for a few more minutes until tender.
Remove cover and add sugar. Cook a few more minutes to caramelize, taste for salt and pepper and serve as a side dish or over cooked steak.


In a very large bowl, mix the pineapple juice drained from canned pineapple, ketchup, vinegar, both sugars, soy sauce, garlic powder, ginger, salt, pepper and the 1 teaspoon of corn starch. Set aside.
In a medium bowl beat whole egg with egg white then add soy sauce, sugar and salt. Stir to combine then add cut up chicken and swirl around to fully coat.
In a second medium bowl, add the 1 ½ cups of corn starch. Work in batches and transfer chicken pieces from batter to corn starch and coat completely. Remove coated pieces to a platter. Add more corn starch if needed to finish.
Heat wok and vegetable oil to 350 degrees using candy thermometer to maintain that temperature.
Cook in four batches placing chicken in hot oil one piece at a time. Cook each batch four minutes, moving the pieces around as they cook so they don’t stick to each other. Use a 
Soon as the chicken drains, add to the large bowl with the sauce. As you finish each batch and drain, again add to the bowl. Set that aside when done and discard the used oil and clean out the wok.
In a small bowl, mix cherry juice with the one tablespoon of soy sauce and set aside.
Heat the wok back up to as high as it will go and add the two tablespoons of peanut oil. Once it starts to shimmer with heat, add carrots and stir fry 2 minutes. Move the carrots to the edges and add onion and pepper. Stir fry that for 4 minutes. Add cherry juice mixture and cook for two minutes almost until the liquid is evaporated.
Add pineapple chunks, cherries and reserved bowl of cooked chicken and the sauce it is in.
Stir and heat mixture to serving temperature and serve with white rice.


Peel the silver skin from the two tenderloins and discard. Place the tenderloins in a foil lined baking pan.
Place all of the other ingredients in a medium sauce pan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until thick, about 10-15 minutes.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Place a 
Pour one third of the cooked sauce over each loin, reserving one third to serve with the finished meal.
Roast until the internal temperature reaches 100 degrees. Flip tenderloins over and spoon some of the sauce back over the top. Reduce heat to 275 degrees and roast until internal temperature reaches 140 degrees.
Remove the pan from oven and let rest 10 minutes before carving. (Do not remove probe thermometer until after meat has rested.) Serve pork with additional sauce on the side.


Place all sauce ingredients in a medium sauce pan and heat to combine. Remove from heat and store until needed.
In a bowl, mix pork, sherry, soy sauce, oyster sauce and key lime juice. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes while you prepare the remaining ingredients.
Start your rice if you are serving with white rice.
After the pork marinates for 30 minutes, add the two egg whites and work into the mixture with your hands. Pour out the corn starch onto a platter or bowl and dredge the pork in the corn starch. Do a few at a time and lay out on a board not touching. They will be sticky and gooey. Repeat for all pork using more corn starch as needed.
Add oil to wok to about two to three inches (deep enough to cover pork as it cooks). Heat to 350 and drop a few pieces of pork in at a time using tongs. Have a plate lined with paper towels close by.
As the pork cooks, it will brown and float. As long as you can maintain a steady 350 degrees in the oil, keep adding and removing the pork until you have cooked all of the pork pieces. Set aside. A spider strainer 
Drain off oil into a metal container. You will be removing five tablespoons of this oil to cook the vegetables and the remaining oil can be saved for other recipes. If you do save it, strain it a few times with cheese cloth after it cools and store in a container with a tight fitting lid (a mason jar works well for this).
Clean out the wok, dry and heat to hot. Add two tablespoons of the oil and stir fry garlic and ginger for one minute. Add onions and scallion bottoms and stir fry for about two to three minutes until the onions just start to become a little soft. Add one more tablespoon of oil, add pineapple and stir fry for two minutes. Remove this mixture to a large bowl.
Heat Wok back up with remaining two tablespoons of oil and add carrots and stir fry for two minutes then add peppers on top of carrots. Stir fry one more minute and add onion and pineapple mixture back in. Stir fry until vegetables are at your level of doneness then add cooked pork and sauce over vegetables and pineapple. Stir until heated through and remove to the bowl you used for onions and pineapple.
Serve over rice and topped with chopped scallion tops.


Put all ingredients in a medium sauce pan and stir to dissolve the corn starch.
Cook over medium heat for 5 minutes or until thick. Cool before serving.
Store any leftover sauce in the refrigerator for up to weeks.


In a medium bowl, mix pineapple juice, sugar, vinegar, tomato paste, soy sauce, hot sauce and corn starch. Mix to dissolve corn starch. Set aside.
In a wok or heavy bottomed pan, heat to medium high and add two teaspoons of the oil. When oil starts to smoke, add shrimp and cook about 3 minutes flipping to cook both sides and cook until pink. Do not over cook. Remove shrimp to a bowl or plate.
Add remaining teaspoon of oil and cook ginger and garlic for 30 seconds. Add all other ingredients except reserved liquid from step one. Cook stirring often for 4-6 minutes or until vegetables are starting to get tender but not mushy.
Add shrimp back in. Give the sauce a quick stir and add to the shrimp and vegetables and cook for about 2 minutes to thicken sauce and blend ingredients.
Remove from heat and serve over white rice.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a small bowl place bread and cream. Mix and press down so bread absorbs liquid.
In a large bowl place egg, onion, garlic, salt, pepper, ginger, sugar, vinegar and ketchup. Mix to combine.
Go back to small bowl with bread and beat with a fork or small whip so mixture is mushy with no pieces.
Add to large bowl along with pork and mix thoroughly to combine.
Add beef and gently fold into mixture until just incorporated.
Using a small scoop, scoop out 36 meatballs.
Line a sheet tray with parchment paper.
Fill a small bowl with water and start wetting your hands and rolling each meatball and place on prepared pan. Keep wetting your hands as you roll.
Bake for 15 minutes and remove from oven.
While meatballs are cooking make the sauce. Place ginger, garlic, peppers, dried fruit, vinegar, water, ketchup, sugar and salt in a blender and puree. Place this mixture in a medium to large sauce pan and heat.
Mix water with corn starch and add to pan and stir to form a thick sauce.
Place meatballs in sauce and simmer for 15 minutes.
To serve, remove meatballs from the sauce and serve on a platter.


Soak the tooth picks for one hour submerged in water.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Lay bacon out on parchment lined sheet tray and bake for 10-20 minutes until cooked but still pliable. Cut each strip in half and shut oven off.
While bacon is cooking, peel shrimp and set aside.
Cut the top and bottom from pineapple. Cut off outer layer down to the flesh. Cut into four quarters vertically. Lay pieces on their sides and cut out and discard core. Cut strips into pieces that will fit in the curve of the shrimp. You will have pineapple leftover if you use fresh.
In a small bowl, mix ketchup, sriracha, soy sauce, sesame oil and pineapple juice. Set aside.
To assemble, place shrimp on a cutting board, open curve towards you. Place a piece of pineapple in the curve. Lay a half bacon strip over the top. Take a soaked tooth pick and skewer through bacon end closest to you, then through pineapple, shrimp and ending out the opposite end of the bacon. Continue for all of the shrimp.
Dip each piece (both sides) in sauce and place on parchment lined sheet tray. Brush remaining sauce over the pieces.
If you have a ribbed grill pan, place over medium high heat and when hot, grill shrimp for about 1 ½ minutes per side. (Although we recommend grilling these skewers, you can also broil them – just place a sheet pan of shrimp under the broiler for the same length of time per side.) Whichever method you use, do not overcook the shrimp. When both sides are pink, they are done.
Once off the grill pan or out of the oven, sprinkle with sesame seeds and serve.




Place the cabbage, peppers, pineapple and pineapple juice in a large bowl and let sit 30 minutes.
Pour entire bowl into a colander over your sink and let liquid drain. Sprinkle and mix in the one teaspoon of salt and let the mixture sit in the colander for 30 more minutes draining into the sink.
Rinse with cold water and drain thoroughly then ball up some paper towels and press into the mixture to soak up any remaining liquid. (These steps are necessary to add flavor and remove some of the liquid from the vegetables.)
Once the mixture has drained a bit, transfer to a bowl.
In a small bowl mix the remaining ingredients and taste. Adjust seasonings as needed then add to dry mixture and toss to combine. Refrigerate and serve once chilled.


Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Cut butter into small pieces. Spread the butter pieces on a dinner plate and place in the freezer while you measure out and mix the dry ingredients. The butter should be cold but not frozen.
In a large bowl, sift together flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder and salt.
Note: It is very important that you work quickly through these next steps so the butter does not warm up and soften too much.
With a pastry cutter or two knives, cut the cold butter into the flour mixture until it resembles small crumbs (the size of a pea).
Make a hole in the middle of the flour and add buttermilk. Gently stir until the dough is mixed together but still tacky. If it’s too dry, add more buttermilk.
Pour the mixed dough out onto a floured surface and pat gently into a rectangle.
Fold the dough onto itself six times then pat down to 1 inch thick.
With a 2 ½ inch round biscuit cutter, push down to cut the dough and pull up without twisting the cutter and the dough. Any leftover scraps can be combined and cut again – but just once; reusing any scraps after that will make the biscuits tough.
Arrange the biscuits on a parchment-lined cookie sheet almost touching each other and bake for 12-15 minutes until browned.
Optional: After they are baked, you can also brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle more sugar on top if you wish for added sweetness.


In a blender, place ginger, garlic, peppers, vinegar, water, ketchup, sugar and salt. Puree until smooth but leave a few bits unprocessed, about 30 seconds.
Place ingredients into a sauce pan and bring to a simmer and simmer for five minutes.
In a small cup, mix corn starch and water and add to pan. Heat just to thickened, then remove from heat.
Cool and refrigerate until ready to use. When ready, remove to room temperature before serving.
Keep up to two weeks refrigerated.


Following this method, slice the corn kernels off the cob
In a large saucepan over medium heat, bring the milk just to a simmer. Remove pan from heat, add corn kernels and the corncob pieces – pressing the cobs down into the milk, then cover and allow to steep for 45 minutes.
Once the 45 minutes has passed, remove the corncobs from the milk and discard. Carefully pour half of the corn and milk mixture into a blender and blend on high until the kernels are emulsified. Place a coarse strainer over a large bowl and pour blended mixture through the strainer. Discard the corn mush. Repeat process with remaining half of the corn and milk mixture.
Measure the amount of corn-infused milk – adding more milk if necessary to make 3½ cups. (Note: When we measured, we actually had closer to 4 cups of corn-infused milk. We used the entire 4 cups in our gelato.)
In a heavy bottomed saucepan, heat corn-infused milk, heavy cream and 1 ¼ cups of sugar, stirring occasionally until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is hot. (This will take less than 5 minutes - do not bring to a simmer or boil.) Remove from the heat.
While the milk mixture heats, whisk the egg yolks and the remaining ¼ cup of granulated sugar, and the salt together in a medium heat-proof bowl.
Take about a cup of the hot mixture and very slowly drizzle it into the bowl with the egg yolks – constantly whisking while you add the hot mixture. (A slow drizzle will prevent the eggs from cooking as you add the hot cream mixture.)
Once your egg mixture is smooth, slowly pour the egg mixture back into the saucepan with the rest of the hot cream mixture.
Cook the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the it thickens a bit and coats the back of a spoon. (This will take less than 5 minutes as well, and again, do not bring the mixture to a simmer or boil, or it will curdle. If using an instant-read thermometer, you will want to stop when it reads 185 degrees F.)
Remove the pan from the heat and pour the mixture through a fine strainer into a bowl (a 
Immediately place bowl into an ice bath to cool, stirring occasionally. Once cool, cover the bowl with a large piece of plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the custard. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the custard as it cools.) Refrigerate overnight.
Churn in an 


Husk corn and remove all of the silk. Using a sharp knife, remove corn kernels and set aside. (
In a five quart pan over medium heat, place butter, onions, garlic, ginger, salt, pepper and cut corn kernels. Sauté for ten minutes stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and take half of the mixture out and place in a bowl and set aside.
Add the cobs, stock and water to the pot with half the cooked corn kernels and simmer on medium high for about 15-20 minutes or until there is about 2 cups of liquid left. (Add more water or stock if too much liquid cooked off)
Remove from heat again, pick out cobs with tongs and discard cobs.
Place cut sweet potatoes into the mixture and cook over medium high until tender, about 5-10 minutes. Remove from heat, add reserved corn, Worcestershire sauce and heavy cream.
Bring just up to serving temperature but do not boil. Adjust seasonings as needed and serve.


In a microwave-safe bowl , combine the dry mustard and vinegar. Stir to combine, cover with plastic wrap and let sit overnight at room temperature.
The next day, add sugar and eggs and stir to mix well. Microwave on high for 6-7 minutes until the mixture bubbles and thickens, stirring every two minutes with a whisk to mix well.
Allow to cool while the kielbasa is grilled.
To grill the kielbasa, cut the kielbasa into thick slices on the bias.
On a medium grill, grill for just one to two minutes per side and serve immediately.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Prepare two 9” round cakes pans by greasing with shortening and dusting with flour. Set aside.
Bake sweet potatoes until very soft. Remove and discard skin and mash the potatoes. Set aside to cool.
In a medium bowl, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg and allspice. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream butter for one minute on medium until pale in color.
Add both sugars and cream to combine.
Turn mixer on low and add one egg at a time, mixing and scraping sides as you go.
Add vanilla and apple sauce along with cooled sweet potato and mix to combine.
With mixer running, slowly add flour until combined.
Remove from mixer and fold in raisins, apple and nuts by hand.
Divide mixture between the two prepared pans, smoothing tops with an off set spatula.
Bake in center of oven for 50 minutes. Place a tooth pick in center and if it comes out clean, remove the cakes from the oven. If not done, bake for a few more minutes then test again.
Cool in the pans for 15 minutes. Place a rack over each pan and invert and lift off the pan. Repeat for second cake and cool completely.
To make the icing, place cream cheese, butter, vanilla and pumpkin pie spice in a stand mixer with paddle attachment. Beat until totally combined, scraping sides as needed.
Add powdered sugar and beat on low speed to avoid a powdered sugar dust cloud. Set aside.
To assemble, place a little frosting on your cake dish or plate so that the cake doesn’t slide.
Invert one cake onto the dab of frosting. Mix the ½ cup of chopped nuts with one cup of icing and smear over the top with an off set spatula.
Place the second cake on top and cover the top and sides with the remaining icing.
Decorate the top of the cake with the whole pecans. Serve or refrigerate until ready for service.


In a large bowl beat eggs with butter and milk. Stir in the 
In a separate bowl, mix flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt.
Add dry to wet and stir just to combine.
Preheat oven to 200 degrees to keep pancakes warm while you cook the entire batch.
Heat one or two griddle pans to medium low and grease each with butter. (Make sure the pan is completely up to temperature before adding the butter)
Use a quarter cup measuring cup and scoop the batter onto the pans, about four per pan. Cook until the edges start to dry and the bottom is browned then flip, about 2-3 minutes. Cook on the other side until brown and place on a cookie sheet then place the cookie sheet in the oven to keep warm while you continue to cook.
While the pancakes are cooking, heat a small sauté pan over medium and add the pecans. Dry toast for about five minutes until browned, tossing often. Set aside to cool and coarsely chop or leave whole.
To serve, drizzle with maple syrup and top with toasted pecans.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a small baking pan place diced potato, shallots, 2 tablespoons of the oil, 1 tablespoon of the butter, garlic, salt and pepper. Mix around and bake for 10 minutes. Flip mixture and bake for another 10 minutes.
While potato is cooking, in a medium pot, add last tablespoon of oil and butter and heat over medium high. Add rice and cook, moving rice around for 2-3 minutes, but do not brown. Add wine and stir. Reduce heat to medium to medium low. When wine has evaporated, begin adding stock one quarter cup at a time, waiting until each addition evaporates before adding the next. Do not let rice get completely dry before adding each quarter cup.
Once the sweet potato is cooked, add to rice (at any stage of cooking) and continue cooking rice until all of the stock is gone and rice is cooked but not mushy. Remove from heat and stir in Parmesan and parsley. Cover and let sit 3-5 minutes until the rice is fully cooked and the texture is creamy. Adjust seasoning and serve.


Prepare the ground beef taco meat for this dish (see 
Heat the oil in a wok or similar size pan with high sides to 350 degrees. (Note: The oil needs to be deep enough to fry the large tortilla shell so that it is completely submerged while cooking.)
With a small 
Slice corn tortilla circles into small strips and fry in hot oil until crisp and golden. Remove to paper towels and immediately sprinkle with salt. Set aside. (Optional - top your taco salad with store bought corn chips.)
Place a tortilla bowl on a plate and fill with lettuce of your choice. Top with warm taco beef, then shredded cheese and diced tomato. Repeat for all portions. Then top each salad with avocado slices and 
Finally finish by topping with corn chips and serve immediately.


Mix a little of the water with the cornstarch to form a slurry. Add all other ingredients to a medium sauce pan along with the slurry and bring to a boil. Reduce and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes. Strain and discard solids. Cool and store overnight for the best flavor.
May be stored for up to one week in the refrigerator.


In a small bowl, mix all ingredients until well combined.
Refrigerate for up to one week.


Put all ingredients in a small sauce pan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for three minutes.
Remove from heat and strain over a container using a fine sieve. Discard ginger and garlic.
Store in the refrigerator for up to two weeks or freeze in zip lock bags for up to three months.


In a skillet that has a tight fitting cover, heat olive oil over medium high.
Add onion, peppers, garlic, ground beef, dry mustard, chili powder, salt and pepper. Sauté until ground beef is no longer pink, breaking up beef as you cook.
Add rice and cook for two minutes letting rice absorb liquid.
Add tomato paste and cook for one minute.
Add canned tomatoes with juice, water and Worcestershire sauce. Stir, cover and simmer for 20 minutes covered.
After 20 minutes, remove lid and fluff the mixture then serve. If the mixture is to wet, cook for another few minutes with lid off.
If you are using the cheese, sprinkle on top for last few minutes of cooking time with lid on.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9x13-inch glass baking dish.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, add granulated sugar, eggs, flour, canned fruit and baking soda. On low speed, mix until just combined, scraping the bottom of the bowl as needed.
Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish spreading evenly in the pan.
In a small bowl combine brown sugar and nuts. Sprinkle nut mixture over the batter in the baking dish.
Bake at 325° F for 40-45 minutes or until the cake is firm in the middle.
While the cake is baking, prepare the Coconut Icing by combining the butter, coconut, brown sugar and evaporated milk in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium high heat and allow to boil for 2 minutes. Turn heat to low and keep the icing warm, stirring occasionally, until the cake is done baking.
Once the cake is done, remove from the oven and pour the icing over the top of the hot cake.
Allow the cake to cool, then cut into squares.


Open can of coconut milk from the bottom so that the liquid is on top and fat on bottom (this also makes it easier to remove from can). Pour contents into a small sauce pan and just heat to blend the fat back into the liquid. Set aside one cup.
In a blender, place all dressing ingredients except coconut milk and peanut oil. Puree until smooth and with motor running, slowly add coconut milk then peanut oil. Set aside. The finished dressing will be about 1 ¼ cups.
In a large bowl, place all salad ingredients except peanuts and corn nuts.
At this point, you could prep ahead and refrigerate the salad and dressing then pull close to serving.
When ready to serve, mix dressing into salad with peanuts and half the corn nuts. Toss and top bowl with additional corn nuts. (The corn nuts will not stay crunchy so add at the last minute).


Mix all ingredients until blended.
Serve with fresh vegetables.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
In a large casserole dish (ours was 13 ½ x 10½ x 2½ inches )
Place cooked turnip, carrots, onion, green beans, and turkey in the casserole dish and toss to evenly distribute.
Heat gravy and pour over meat and vegetables.
Heat potato so it is easy to spread and spread this over the top.
Sprinkle the cheese over the potato and bake for 45 minutes until bubbly.
Broil for a few minutes to brown the top and serve.


In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolks. Set aside.
In a heavy bottomed saucepan, heat milk, heavy cream and sugar, stirring occasionally until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is hot. (This will take less than 5 minutes - do not bring to a simmer or boil.) Remove from the heat.
Take about a cup of the hot mixture and very slowly drizzle it into the bowl with the egg yolks – constantly whisking while you add the hot mixture. (A slow drizzle will prevent the eggs from cooking as you add the hot cream mixture.)
Once your egg mixture is smooth, slowly pour the egg mixture back into the saucepan with the rest of the hot cream mixture.
Cook the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens a bit and coats the back of a spoon. (This will take less than 5 minutes as well, and again, do not bring the mixture to a simmer or boil, or it will curdle.)
Remove the pan from the heat and pour the mixture through a fine strainer into a bowl (a large 
Cover the bowl with a large piece of plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the custard. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the custard as it cools.) Refrigerate overnight.
Churn in an ice cream maker according to manufacturer’s instructions. After churning, freeze again for 4-6 hours before serving.


In a bowl, add rice with at least double the volume of water. Soak uncovered, overnight, at room temperature. Drain the next day before use.
In a large sauté pan, place butter and one tablespoon of the oil and add carrots, celery and onion. Cook over medium heat for five minutes.
Add drained rice, orange juice, vermouth and broth. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer and cook uncovered for 35 – 55 minutes (until almost all the liquid is absorbed and rice is tender). Add currants and turn to low and cook five minutes to absorb remaining liquid then turn off burner. Wild rice remains a little chewy and crunchy, which is perfectly fine.
Just before rice is done, in a small sauté pan, heat remaining tablespoon of oil over medium heat and add pecans. Toss and cook for about five minutes until browned. Add scallions, toss and immediately remove from the heat and add to the cooked rice.
Stir and serve hot or serve room temperature as a side salad.


In a large bowl, sift the 3 cups of flour and salt. With a fork or pastry cutter, cut in cold shortening and cold butter until pea size balls form.
Beat one egg with ½ cup of milk and add to flour mixture and mix with a wooded spoon or by hand. Only add the remaining two tablespoons of milk if the dough is dry. (I added both)
Wrap the dough in plastic and place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees and line a sheet pan with parchment paper.
On a floured surface, roll out dough 14X20 inches. Using a 6” circle (I used a canister lid) cut out six circles.
Fill each circle by filling the center, covering a row that almost touches the left and right side. The total weight of the filled Pasty should be about four ounces. Any more and it will squeeze out when you pinch it closed. I found the easiest method was to put the dough circle on a kitchen scale and then fill it with the five different ingredients trying to keep each about equal. It can be any combination you wish just keeping it at the four ounce mark.
Take the remaining egg and beat it with a teaspoon of water and with a brush, brush around the edge of the top half. Then take the farthest top and the closest bottom and bring them together and pinch closed. Lift the filled Pasty in your palm and with the other hand pinch the rest closed and place seam up on the prepared pan. Repeat for the remaining five.
When you finish the last, go back and make sure none popped open and reseal.
Brush the entire surface with the egg wash trying not to let it drip onto the paper.
Bake for 20-25 minutes until golden brown.
Serve hot with additional gravy and cranberry sauce.


Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F with rack in the center of the oven.
Spray the inside of a 12 cup muffin tin with pan spray (You will only be using 10 of the 12). Then, using vegetable shortening, liberally grease the top of the pan. Place muffin papers into the sprayed holes. Set the pan aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream butter and shortening for one minute with the paddle attachment.
Add sugar and beat on medium for about one minute.
With the machine on medium, add one egg at a time and blend to mix. Scrape sides then beat on medium for two and a half minutes. This is important to whip air into the batter.
Add vanilla and beat for a few more seconds to combine.
Remove ½ cup of blueberries to a small bowl and mash with a fork or a potato masher. Set aside.
See how much liquid the blueberries gave up. I determined that it was a bit too much and pulled ¼ cup of liquid out which I did not use in the muffins. I did leave some juice in with the blueberries however, maybe about ¼ to ⅓ cup.
Take two tablespoons of either flour type and sprinkle over the whole blueberries and toss to coat.
Mix both flours, salt and baking powder in a small bowl. Just stir a few times to mix.
Start adding the flour mixture and the milk a little at a time with the mixer running. Once they are both in, do not mix further. You want to just get them incorporated without over mixing. Otherwise the muffins will be tough.
Remove the mixing bowl to your counter and fold in the mashed blueberries. Then fold in the whole berries with the juice.
The traditional Jordan Marsh blueberry had a purple/blue tint from the berry juice.
Using an ice-cream scoop, divide the mixture between ten cups of the prepared 12 cup muffin tin. The batter will be piled high above the rim.
Sprinkle the final granulated sugar over the tops of each muffin (total 2 tablespoons) and immediately place in the oven.
Bake for five minutes then reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and bake for 20 more minutes. (If your oven has a hot spot, rotate pan halfway through. Do not over bake. They will be soft but 25 minutes is plenty of time and they will bake a little further outside of the oven.)
Remove to a rack to cool.
Once cool, gently pry the muffins out by making sure the overhang did not stick to the pan top.


*Follow this step only if using Johnsonville Sweet Italian Sausage Links. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the one tablespoon of olive oil and cook sausage links until browned and cooked through, about five minutes. Once done, remove from pan, then cool and slice into one inch links. (If using Johnsonville Fully-Cooked Italian Sausage Slices, start with the next step omitting the first single tablespoon of olive oil in the ingredients list that would have been used to cook the raw sausage.)
In the same large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium high and add onion, peppers and mushrooms. Cook until onions are just tender, about five minutes. Add sausage slices (the ones you cooked or the Johnsonville fully-cooked) and heat just to hot and remove from heat.
While peppers and onions are cooking, bring a large well-salted pot of water to a boil and cook rigatoni to just under al dente. They should still be chewy. Once done, drain and hold.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Spray a 9x13x3-inch casserole with non-stick cooking spray.
Layer a cup of hot tomato sauce in bottom of casserole dish.
Mix 2 cups of tomato sauce with the drained rigatoni and pour one third of this into the pan, reserving the other two thirds for different layers.
Layer half the Fontina over the pasta.
Layer all of the sausage and pepper mixture over the Fontina.
Sprinkle half of the Parmesan cheese over the sausages.
Layer another third of the pasta and top with the remaining Fontina.
Layer the entire bag of bag Johnsonville® Fully-Cooked Three Cheese Italian Style Meatballs over the Fontina and top with one cup of tomato sauce.
Layer the final third of pasta and top with the last cup of tomato sauce and the remaining Parmesan cheese, letting some of the Johnsonville® Meatballs poke through from the previous layer.
Top with the mozzarella and bake uncovered for 30 minutes until hot and bubbly and just starting to brown on top.
Serve hot with additional tomato sauce and Parmesan cheese.


Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Spray a 12-cup bundt pan with non-stick cooking spray with flour and set aside.
In a medium bowl, stir together flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter until light and creamy. Add both sugars and beat again until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, mixing until blended. Alternate adding in flour mixture and milk, mixing until just combined, being careful not to over mix.
Stir in toffee chips and pecans by hand, blending well. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan.
Bake for 75-80 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
Allow the cake to cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then invert onto a wire rack to cool completely.
Combine the sweetened condensed milk and brown sugar in a medium, heavy–bottomed saucepan. Over medium heat, bring to a boil, whisking very frequently.
Reduce the heat under the pan and simmer gently for about 8 minutes, whisking constantly.
Remove the pan from the heat and stir in butter and vanilla. Allow the mixture to sit in the pan for about 5 minutes – then drizzle over the cake. (You will want the drizzle to still be fairly hot when you drizzle it over the cake – it does harden a little after it cools.)


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with paddle attachment, cream butter until light and fluffy.
Add both sugars and cream until smooth.
Add vanilla and egg and mix until combined.
In a separate bowl, sift flour, baking soda and salt and slowly add to batter with mixer running. Mix until combined.
Line a 12-cup muffin pan with 2½ inch paper liners and lightly spray paper cups and top of pan with non-stick cooking spray.
Divide batter between the 12 cups. I found an ice-cream scoop worked well.
Bake for 10 minutes.
While batter is baking, mix brown sugar, egg, salt and vanilla until creamy and thick, about one minute.
Remove from mixer and stir in the chocolate morsels and chopped nuts by hand.
After 10 minutes, remove muffin pan from oven and divide topping between each cup letting it sink into the center and spreading it to the edges.
Bake for 15 minutes more then remove from oven.
Remove cupcakes to a rack to cool and enjoy warm or cooled.


Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Line a deep dish pie plate with the unbaked pie crust, crimping the edges. Set aside.
In a mixing bowl, beat the eggs on high speed until light and foamy. Add the flour and both sugars to the bowl and mix again until combined. Then add the softened butter and mix one more time until completely mixed.
Stir in chocolate chips and walnuts and mix until the chocolate and nuts are evenly mixed throughout the batter. Spoon the batter into the prepared pie crust.
Bake for 50 to 60 minutes or until a sharp knife inserted halfway between the edge and the center of the pie comes out clean. Cool on wire rack for about 30 minutes.
Serve warm with vanilla ice.


After coring, slice each tomato into very thick slices, about a half inch or so. Lay each slice on a rack set over a sheet pan. Sprinkle both sides with 2 teaspoons of the kosher salt. After 30 minutes flip each piece and let sit another 30 minutes to drain. You should have about ½ cup of water drained off from the tomatoes when done. Pat dry with paper towels and set aside.
While tomatoes are draining, slice the skin-on eggplant into slices equal in thickness to the tomatoes. Salt both sides of each slice with the 2 teaspoons of the kosher salt and let sit on the cutting board for 30 minutes. Flip and let sit for another 30 minutes. This process will remove some liquid along with any bitterness. After an hour, rinse each piece in cold running water and then drain slightly but keep damp. Then sprinkle and rub in the two tablespoons of flour onto each side. Use more flour if needed to cover both sides. This will help the eggplant fry without absorbing too much oil.
Heat a large sauté pan with ¼ cup of the oil over medium high to high. Once very hot, place half the eggplant slices in and fry about 1 ½ minutes on each side until golden. Remove to a plate and cook the second batch in the remaining oil. At the end, there should be some oil left in the pan, do not discard.
In a 1 ½ quart casserole dish drizzle a little of the oil from the pan to coat the bottom and begin layering alternate slices of tomato and eggplant around to fill, leaning them on each other like a fanned out deck of cards.
Then place half the basil and repeat with the remaining tomato, eggplant and basil.
In a medium bowl, mix bread crumbs, Romano cheese, salt and pepper and stir to combine.
Pour this mixture over the top of the tomato and eggplant slices. Then take the remaining oil from the pan and drizzle over the top. (If there is not enough oil, use more olive oil to coat the top of the crumb mixture, but don’t drench it.)
Bake uncovered for 30 minutes or until golden brown and a probe thermometer inserted into the center reads 140 degrees F.


Clean tomatoes, removing any stems. Cut an X in each tomato end with a sharp knife.
Prepare an ice water bath.
Bring four quarts of water to a boil in a non stick pot. Keep the heat on full and drop the tomatoes in. When the skin starts to peel, remove them to the ice bath. Empty the water, you will reuse the pot.
Work over a sheet pan and peel the skins off the tomatoes. Then squeeze the stem end to pop out the stem. (It’s a squeeze, twist and pull motion to remove the stem. Depending on the variety of tomatoes, you may also need to squeeze out the seeds.) Roughly chop the tomatoes and place them back into the dry pot.
Add all of the other ingredients to the chopped tomatoes. Bring to a boil then reduce heat to a simmer. Cook the mixture for about two to three hours or until it reduces to a thick jam. Make sure you don’t let it burn. The cooking time depends on the amount of liquid in the variety of tomatoes you use so the timing is not an exact science however the finished product will be about 4 cups (one quart).
Store in 8 ounce glass canning jars (


In a 5-6 quart Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, heat two tablespoons of the oil over medium high heat.
Once hot, add sausage meat and break up with a wooden spoon while browning, about 3-4 minutes.
Move the sausage meat to the sides and add the remaining oil along with the leeks, celery and carrots. Stir and cook until the leeks begin to soften, about 2-3 more minutes.
Add in the chopped kale and stir the entire mixture and cook to wilt the kale, about another 2 minutes.
Add in the tomato paste and stir into the mixture. Reduce to medium and cook this for 2 more minutes.
Add the lentils, diced tomatoes and the stock and raise the heat to high.
Bring to a boil, cover and lower to the lowest heat.
Cook covered for 35-45 minutes or until the lentils are soft. Be careful not to overcook the lentils. They should still have a little chew.
Season with the salt and pepper and taste. Season more if needed.
Use a small ladle or soup spoon and remove any fat that floats to the top and discard. (We removed about a half cup of fat.)
This final step is optional but advised. Puree some of the soup but not all by either placing some in a blender or use an immersion blender and puree for a few seconds. This will give the soup a nice creamy texture but still have plenty of body.


Cut the tomatoes, place in a colander over a bowl and allow to sit for 30 minutes. Discard any liquid from the bowl.
Place the tomatoes in a medium bowl along with all other ingredients and serve immediately as a condiment on sub sandwiches.


About 4-6 hours before baking (or overnight), place the diced tomatoes in a sieve or strainer over a bowl and sprinkle generously with the salt. Stir to combine. Allow the tomatoes to drain of their liquid, stirring occasionally and gently pressing down on the tomatoes (use a large spoon or a small flat bowl to press the tomatoes against the sieve), until the tomatoes are very well drained. Blot with a paper towel if necessary to remove extra moisture.
While the tomatoes are draining, pre-bake your pie crust. (
When ready to bake, preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Spread the diced onion in the bottom of the pie crust. Spread the well-drained tomatoes over the onions, then sprinkle the basil over the tomatoes.
In a medium bowl, combine the grated cheese, mayonnaise, sriracha and a generous grind of black pepper. Mix to combine (the mixture will be very thick). Spread the cheese mixture over the tomatoes in the pie plate.
Bake in the oven until golden brown and bubbly – approximately 25-35 minutes.
Let sit for 10-15 minutes to firm up before serving.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F and have an 8 quart shallow casserole dish standing by.
Remove stem and core of tomatoes then cut each one into four equal thick slices. Lay slices on a layer of paper towels then cover the tops with more paper towels. Let sit until needed.
Slice mushroom caps in half by standing cap on its side and cutting in half so you have two round slices.
Brush one side with 2 tablespoons of olive oil.
Heat a griddle or a few grill pans to medium high. Then place mushroom slices onto pan(s) oiled side down. Brush the other side with two more tablespoons of olive oil. Grill for 4-5 minutes per side. Remove to a platter and set aside.
Brush the casserole dish with two tablespoons of the olive oil.
Cut about half the bread into slices, enough to cover the bottom of the casserole dish as a single layer.
Layer half the tomato slices on top of the bread and sprinkle with half of the thyme.
Layer all of the cooked mushroom caps over the tomato.
Place the rest of the tomatoes over the mushrooms.
In a food processor, place the remaining bread (about 2 cups but no more than 2 cups) cut into pieces, along with Gruyère cheese cut into pieces and the remaining thyme and process to a medium crumb consistency. Place into a large bowl and add the remaining ¼ cup of olive oil and toss to coat.
Pour this mixture over the top of the casserole and bake uncovered in the center of the oven for 45 minutes or until golden brown.
Let sit for ten minutes, and then serve.


If using fresh tomatoes: The skins of plum tomatoes cook down enough in this soup so that you don’t need to peel them but you do need to remove the seeds as they will make the soup bitter. The easiest method is to have two bowls, one with a strainer. If you are using plum tomatoes, nip off the end and cut in half lengthwise. Then with your thumb or index finger, scrape the seeds from each half into the bowl with the strainer. If cutting larger round tomatoes, cut out core and cut them horizontally. Then over the bowl with the strainer, reach up and scrape out all the seeds. Throw the cleaned tomatoes into the bowl without the strainer. Finally move the seeds around the strainer to get out any last bit of juice and discard seeds. Take the liquid left in the bowl and add to the tomato halves. With three pounds of tomatoes, you should end up with a little over 2 pounds of cut up tomatoes (weighed on a scale). This is equal to about six to eight cups (a little more or less is fine).
In a medium to large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, add olive oil, onions, carrots, celery, garlic and bay leaves. Cook over medium high for five minutes. Add tomato halves with juice (or canned).
Add half of the fresh cut up basil. Tie whole thyme and whole parsley together with twine and place in pot.
Add broth, tomato juice, sugar, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer, cover and cook 30 minutes.
Remove and discard bay leaves, thyme and parsley.
Add second half of basil to the soup. Stir in pepper flakes and butter. With an immersion blender, blend soup until completely pureed.
At this point, if you like it very thick, add the remaining two tablespoons of tomato paste and cook for another few minutes. If you like it thinner, omit the last two tablespoons.
Also adding cream is optional as a personal preference. We left it out.


To make the tart shell, place flour, nuts, Parmesan and salt into a food processor. Blend on high for 30 seconds until nuts are finely chopped. Add chunks of cold butter, making sure they don’t touch each other and pulse until mixture is crumbly.
Drizzle in cold milk evenly over mixture and pulse until dough comes together.
Place dough on counter and form into a ball, flattened to 1 ½ inches thick.
Wrap in plastic and refrigerate 20-30 minutes while you work on tart filling. Dough should be cold but still pliable.
To make filling, core and slice tomatoes ¼ inch thick either by hand or with a mandolin. You will need 10 slices which may not use all of the tomatoes.
Lay paper towels over a sheet pan, lay the tomato slices over the paper towels and then more paper towels over that. Press down slightly so that the liquid gets absorbed into the paper towels. Let sit 15 minutes.
While tomatoes are drying, preheat oven to 325 degrees F and pull dough from the refrigerator and place on a floured surface.
Sprinkle the top with flour and roll to a 12 inch circle.
Carefully roll back onto rolling pin and then unroll over an 11 inch tart pan. Mold into bottom and sides and cut off any access by running rolling pin across top and letting excess dough fall off.
Place the tart pan with dough into the freezer for 10 minutes.
After 10 minutes, line the dough with foil and pour in pie weights or dry kidney beans and bake for 20 minutes on a sheet tray until dough is pale yellow at the edges.
Remove from oven, cool for 10 minutes then remove foil and weights. Set aside to cool.
Increase oven to 375 degrees F.
In a medium bowl, place egg and egg yolks and whisk vigorously.
Add cream, milk and salt and whisk to incorporate. Set aside.
Line the cooled tart shell with the grated cheese.
Top with sliced tomatoes arranging them around in a circle slightly overlapping.
Pour in the custard and push the tomatoes slices under the surface of the custard.
Sprinkle the additional salt and the pepper over the top of the tart.
Bake for 40 minutes and check for doneness by inserting the blade of a paring knife into the custard and if it comes out clean, remove tart from oven. If not, bake for five more minutes or until done and golden brown.
Let cool for 15 minutes before slicing.
Best served warm or hot.
Note: Tart can be made ahead and left at room temperature for no more than four hours. Place back in 375 degree F oven for 6-8 minutes to reheat. Dough will get soggy once refrigerated.


Mix herbs and spices and coat beef. Place beef in gallon zipper seal bag 24 hours prior to cooking. (So if you want it for dinner tomorrow at 6:00 PM, it needs to go into the bag tonight at 4:00 PM to allow for 2 hours cooking time.) If you remove it sooner than 24 hours, some of the liquid that the beef gives up in this process will not have worked its way back into the meat and it will roast up dry.
Refrigerate and after 24 hours, and two hours before serving preheat your oven to 325 degrees.
Remove the beef from the bag and pat dry with paper towels. The only liquid should be just a little surface moisture.
Heat a cast iron skillet to smoking hot and add olive oil. When the oil is shimmering and hot, add beef and sear on all sides, top and bottom for about 2 minutes on each side. Have a sheet pan or roasting pan ready with an oven proof rack in it.
Once the meat is completely seared, place on rack in pan, if using, insert 
The bits left in the cast iron skillet should be discarded. The searing process sears the meat but burns the herbs so what is left in the skillet after searing is not usable for gravy. However what drips onto the bottom of the sheet pan or roasting pan after it comes out of the oven is usable. See below for a simple gravy.
After the roast comes out, leave thermometer inserted and tent the roast with foil. Let rest for 15 minutes. Make gravy (if desired) while the meat rests.
After it rests, slice on an angle against the grain and serve. Some more liquid will drip as you slice. Add that liquid to your homemade gravy (see notes below for gravy guidelines.)


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
In a large bowl toss eggplant, red and orange peppers, onion, garlic, oregano, salt, pepper and olive oil.
Pour out onto a sheet pan and roast for 15 minutes. Flip vegetables and roast for 15 minutes more.
Cook the tortellini according to package directions – but time it so the pasta is ready at the same time the vegetables come out of the oven. Drain pasta well.
While vegetables are roasting, make dressing by combining mustard, vinegar, salt and pepper. While whisking, slowly pour in oil to make the vinaigrette. Set aside.
Once the vegetables and drained pasta are ready, place in a large bowl with the dressing and gently toss.
Toast walnut pieces in a dry pan for about five minutes to brown. Add to large bowl along with fresh tomatoes and basil. Toss again.
At this point you can chill the mixture on a flat pan to cool quickly and when ready to serve, place in a bowl and add the feta cheese or if serving warm, sprinkle feta over the top and serve.


Preheat oven to 350°F. Place cream cheese and red pepper sauce in medium microwave-safe bowl; cover. Microwave on HIGH 30 seconds; stir until smooth.
Add drained tomatoes, chicken and shredded cheese; stir to combine, breaking up large pieces of chicken. Divide mixture evenly between fillo shells; place in large shallow baking pan. Bake 15 minutes or until cheese melts.
Preheat oven to 375°F. Line shallow baking pan with aluminum foil; spray foil with cooking spray.
Mix beef, tomato sauce, Egg Beaters, oats and soup mix in large bowl until well blended. Shape into 8 oval-shaped meatloaves, about 5x3 inches; place in prepared pan. Spread ketchup evenly over tops of meatloaves.
Bake 25 minutes or until meatloaves are cooked through (160°F). Cut cheese stick into thin strips. Cut strips into 8 long pieces and 32 short pieces. Place 1 long piece and 4 short pieces on each meatloaf to resemble 'laces' on a football.


Place a 
While the cauliflower is chilling, sauté the shallots in the olive oil until translucent, about three minutes. Pour into a bowl and refrigerate.
Once the vegetables are chilled, place cauliflower in a large bowl.
In a small bowl, place lemon juice, Dijon, salt, pepper and tarragon. While whipping, add oil and shallots.
Pour over cauliflower and toss then top with capers and serve.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees and line a sheet pan with parchment paper sprayed with non-stick cooking spray.
In a medium to large mixing bowl add all meatball ingredients and lightly mix, trying not to break the tuna up too much. Make sure to include the oil from the tuna cans in the mix. Add pinch of salt if needed.
Using a medium ice cream scoop (
Spray the tops of the meatballs with non-stick cooking spray and bake for 30 minutes.
Leave oven on and cut each roll almost all the way through.
Line the inside of each roll with tartar sauce, lettuce and meatballs (5-6 meat balls per roll). Then cut cheese into rectangles or triangles and lay cheese over meatballs. Place on clean sheet pan and heat just long enough to melt cheese.
Serve hot with chips and a pickle.


Thaw both puff pastry sheets per box instructions for 40 minutes.
Preheat oven to 415 degrees.
While pastry sheets are thawing, in a small bowl, mix turkey, stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce. Mix just to incorporate the ingredients
Once dough is thawed, take each sheet and cut into four squares, for a total of eight squares.
Divide filling between the eight squares keeping the filling in a triangle to one side. One at a time, wet two sides around filling with a tiny dab of water with your finger. Lift the opposite unfilled corner and bring it to the filled corner to make a triangle over filling and pinch two corners together. Lift it up and cup it in your hand and gently pinch all sides closed. If the filling starts to squeeze out, push it back with a spoon or your finger. Repeat for all eight making sure they are tightly sealed and place on parchment lined sheet pan with tips slightly turned to each other making a “U” shape. (You will likely need two sheet pans to fit eight in the oven.)
Mix egg with a teaspoon of water and with a pastry brush; brush the tops of each turnover.
Place pans in the oven and bake until browned and puffed, somewhere between 15-25 minutes depending on your oven – rotating the pans halfway through the baking to ensure even cooking. (If you are cooking a smaller quantity and only have one sheet pan in the oven, reduce the cooking time.)


Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.
To make the batter, in a large bowl, mix flour, sugar, chives, thyme, sage, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
In a separate small bowl beat eggs with buttermilk and melted butter.
Add buttermilk mixture to flour mixture and stir to combine.
Heat waffle maker and add batter per waffle maker instructions.
Place cooked waffles on a sheet pan and hold in the warm oven.
Reheat gravy in a small sauce pan.
Heat two large sauté pans and divide butter between them.
Brown turkey slices in one and cook over easy or sunny eggs in the other.
To serve, place a waffle on a plate, top with turkey and gravy and a cooked egg. Serve waffle top on the side.
Sprinkle with salt and pepper as desired.


Place stock and the one quart of water in a medium pot.
Tie fresh herbs with butchers twine and place in pot.
Add salt, sugar, orange pieces, onion chunks, peppercorns and juniper berries.
Bring to a boil then remove from heat and cool to room temperature or cooler.
To cool hot liquids quickly, place pot in sink full of ice cold water and stir liquid in pot and water outside of pot. The heat from the liquid transfers to the water. Drain water and repeat until the liquid has cooled.
Place turkey in a large stock pot and add ice water. Then add cooled brine.
Cover and refrigerate overnight. If the weather is very cold outside, you can even place covered pot outside or in a garage.
The next morning, cook your turkey according to instructions. (See our 


For the meatballs, mix everything except turkey in a medium bowl until the bread crumbs are soaked and the mixture is well combined. Add the turkey and mix just to combine. Do not over mix.
Preheat over to 350 degrees
Fill a small bowl with water and lay out a 
Using the scoop, dip in the water and scoop out meat mixture and press into your palm so it has a flat surface and empty scoop onto your counter or cutting board. Repeat dipping scoop in water and scooping out 29 to 30 meatballs.
Dip your hands in water and roll each meatball round and place on parchment lined pan. Keep your hands wet.
Bake for 20 minutes.
While meatballs are baking, in a medium to large pan, place all glaze ingredients and simmer for ten minutes.
When meatballs come out of oven, use a spatula and move them from the sheet pan to the pan of glaze. Cover and simmer ten minutes. (Ground turkey has little to no fat so there will not be any fat in the pan to drain.)
To serve, place meatballs in a bowl or platter and top with glaze. Serve with plenty of napkins.


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Place a medium sauce pan of water on to boil and plunge in the broccoli. Cook two minutes then remove to paper towels to drain and cool. Once cool, place in a small casserole dish. Our oval shaped casserole dish holds five cups in volume.
Place cut up turkey in with broccoli.
In a medium sauce pan, heat gravy and whisk in the cream, sherry, mustard, mayonnaise and nutmeg. Heat just to hot and pour over the turkey and broccoli.
In a medium sauté pan, melt butter over medium heat and add panko bread crumbs. Cook until browned, about five minutes, stirring often.
Sprinkle almonds, Parmesan and Swiss over gravy then top with toasted bread crumbs.
Bake for 30 minutes uncovered until hot, bubbly and browned.
Serve immediately.




In a medium stock pot, put all stock ingredients, bring to a boil, cover and simmer covered for two hours. Strain and reserve the stock. Pick meat from turkey legs and hold cooked meat until later. Discard the remaining solids.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium mixing bowl, place all meatball ingredients and mix to combine.
On a parchment lined sheet pan, scoop out 36 meatballs approximately ¾ of an ounce each. (We used a 
In a soup pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil and cook onions, celery, carrots and leeks for five minutes over medium high heat.
Add both the fresh and carton broth along with cooked meatballs and fresh spinach. Bring to a boil and simmer on medium low for five minutes. Add dry orzo, raise temperature to medium high and cook for 15 minutes until pasta is tender.
Add cooked turkey meat and half the Parmesan cheese. Bring to hot and serve in bowls with remaining Parmesan cheese and some good crusty bread.


Remove the crust from the bread and place it in large bowl and cover with the half cup of milk. Turn the bread several times so all of the milk gets absorbed. Let sit at room temperature while you prepare the sauce.
In a medium Dutch oven (three quart size), place chili sauce, Pacific cranberry sauce, balsamic vinegar and brown sugar. In a small bowl mix pineapple juice and corn starch and add to mixture. Heat and stir until the ingredients have blended and the sauce is thick. Remove from heat, cover and set aside.
Once the bread has soaked for the full 30 minutes, wring out the bread with your hands, squeezing out as much of the milk as possible. What remains should be a good full cup of wet bread. With your hands or a spoon, break up and mix the wet bread until it is really mashed. Add eggs and with a fork, mix well. Add Worcestershire sauce, chili sauce, five-spice powder, salt and pepper and mix thoroughly again until very well blended. This step can be done in a stand mixer however the meat must be mixed by hand.
Add ground turkey, Italian sausage, onion, garlic and carrots and gently work the mixture with your hands until mixed. Try not to over mix.
With a scoop, measure out 75 meatballs about one ounce each and place on a tray that will fit in your refrigerator. (They will be rolled later so don’t worry about getting them perfectly round at this point.) Place the meatballs in the refrigerator to set up for about 30 minutes.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Remove meatballs from the refrigerator, and with a bowl of water for wetting your hands, roll the balls into rounds. As you roll each meatball, place on a parchment lined sheet pan.
Bake for 15 minutes, remove from the oven and add the cooked meatballs to the sauce. Cover the Dutch oven and place back in the oven for 15 minutes.
Remove from the oven, pour into a serving container and serve, or skewer cooked meatballs and serve on a platter.


Cook bacon until crisp and set aside.
Mix 
Mix eggs, milk and salt in a wide low bowl.
To assemble, lay out four slices of bread and divide the rosemary aioli (mayonnaise and chopped rosemary) between the four slices. Place one slice of cheese on top of each of the slices. On two of the slices place 4 ounces each of the sliced turkey and place four slices of bacon on top of each sliced turkey half. Flip over other slice to form completed sandwich.
Place sandwiches in egg batter and continue to soak and turn until all of the egg batter is absorbed into the bread, about 10-15 minutes.
Heat a griddle to medium heat and melt butter until just starting to brown. Place the two sandwiches onto griddle and cover with top pan or cover. This will keep the heat in and cook the sides of the sandwiches. After a few minutes, check bottom for doneness and flip. Place cover back over sandwiches. Continue to cook until both sides are golden brown.
Cut and serve.


(Note: If using frozen pearl onions, please skip this step.) Bring a small pan of water to a boil and toss in pearl onions, skin and all. Boil covered for three minutes and drain. Plunge into ice water to cool. On a cutting board, cut off root end of onion and squeeze the other end. A perfect pearl onion will pop out. Repeat for all of the onions and discard the skins and roots.
In a medium to large pot, place pearl onions, stock, carrots, potatoes, thyme, parsley, salt, pepper, nutmeg, mustard powder, Worcestershire sauce and Tabasco sauce. Bring to a boil and simmer 10-15 minutes until vegetables are tender.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
While vegetables are cooking, in a small pan, melt butter and add flour. Stir and cook over low heat about 4-5 minutes or until the raw flour smell is gone. Set aside.
Once the vegetables are tender, remove from heat and add the cream, peas, turkey and optional leftover vegetables. Add butter flour mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until sauce is thick and creamy. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed.
Pour mixture into a 3-quart casserole dish or pan.
Open up the sheets of pie dough and use one or two that will cover the shape of the casserole dish or pan but don't cover it yet. Using a cookie cutter in the shape of a turkey, fall leaf, acorn or other fall shape, make the cut in the center of the pie. If you are using a wide pan, pinch the two pieces of dough together to fit the shape of the pan and make your cut in the center. Any leftover dough can be baked separately along with the decorative cutouts (see optional step below).
Place the dough over the pie and crimp the sides to make a decorative border.
Beat the egg with a teaspoon of water and brush onto the dough tops including the cut outs and extra dough. Then sprinkle the sugar all over the tops, sticking to the egg wash.
Place the pie in the center of the oven (you may want to place a piece of foil under the dish in case the sauce bubbles over) and bake 25 to 30 minutes until the crust is golden and the pie is bubbling. Remove and let set for ten minutes before serving.
Optional step: On a separate sheet pan, place the cut outs and extra crust and bake for 10-12 minutes until golden. These pieces will take less than half the time to cook as the covered pie does. Depending on how creative you are and how much crust you have, you could serve each finished portion of pie with a decorative shape.


In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment (or by hand in a bowl), place turkey and beat on low just enough to break up the meat but not pulverized.
In a small bowl, mix celery, onion, poultry seasoning, brown sugar, celery salt and mayonnaise. Mix and taste for seasoning. Adjust seasoning and add to turkey. Turn on mixer just enough to incorporate.
Serve on Ciabatta bread with lettuce and tomato, and if desired 


In a dry sauté pan, over medium heat toast pecans for five minutes.
Remove to a cutting board and coarsely chop. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, place turkey meat.
Turn to low and blend just long enough to break up the meat so that it gets a little stringy but not pulverized.
Pour meat into a large mixing bowl and add toasted chopped pecans, rosemary, celery salt, brown sugar, minced onion, minced celery and mayonnaise.
Mix to combine then fold in dried cranberries and serve chilled.


In a large Dutch oven over medium high heat, melt turkey fat or butter with olive oil. Add raw onions, leeks, garlic, carrots, celery and parsnips. Stir and cook for five minutes. Add white wine and deglaze pan. Add spinach, green beans, stock, salt, pepper and savory and stir. Turn off burner and hold.
In a large bowl, place bread and milk. Mush together until the bread is soaked. Then squeeze out and discard any milk left after squeezing. Add potatoes, onions, parsley, salt, pepper, nutmeg, marjoram, beaten eggs and only enough bread crumbs to bind the mixture. The mixture should be soft but firm enough to roll in your hands and keep its shape. Divide the mixture into 24 even balls and roll round.
Clean out the bowl and add the flour. Roll the dumplings in the four to coat all sides.
Return heat to soup and bring to a boil. Drop in the dumplings, cover the pot and bring back to a boil. When the soup starts to boil, use a wooden spoon or spatula to make sure dumplings are not sticking to bottom. Then cover the pot, bring to a simmer and cook 15 minutes.
Remove lid, add cooked turkey and stir. If you were using leftover cooked vegetables instead of fresh, add them now. Bring the soup up to serving temperature and serve three dumplings per person in a large bowl with a few ladles of the soup over.
Note: Alternatively, you can cook the dumplings separately by dropping them into boiling water for 15 minutes, again making sure they don’t stick to the pot bottom. Then serve with soup that has been cooking at the same time.


Place all ingredients into a large stock pot and slowly bring to a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer for three hours. Skim foam that rises to the top as it cooks. Depending on the type and amount of the bones and meat you started with, you may need to simmer longer (up to four hours if needed) to intensify flavors.
Strain the stock and discard the solids except for the meat.
Remove skin and debone the turkey and reserve. Use for any recipe that calls for cooked turkey meat (such as our 
Cool the stock completely.
Once cooled, skim off the fat that settles on the top and if desired, save for any poultry recipe that calls for butter. (Turkey fat is full of flavor and lasts fairly long in the refrigerator and can also be frozen.)
Use stock for any recipe that calls for turkey stock like our 


Cook pasta in boiling water for ten minutes, drain but do not rinse.
Remove three tablespoons of cold stock and place in a medium bowl. In a medium pot, bring remaining stock to a boil and reduce down to 1 ½ quarts.
While stock is reducing and pasta is cooking, shred turkey with your fingers into bite sized shreds.
In the bowl with cool stock, add eggs, salt and half the Parmesan along with the chopped parsley. Beat for three minutes by hand with a whip or use an electric mixer.
Once stock has reduced, add egg mixture a little at a time while you whip stock. The eggs will separate which is what you want.
Add cooked pasta and cooked turkey and heat and simmer for five minutes.
Serve with remaining Parmesan cheese and chopped parsley.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
Place chicken stock into medium to large pan and bring to a boil. Boil until reduced to one cup, letting two cups evaporate. This will give you a triple strength stock. Add all of the milk and cream and bring to hot but not boiling. Add Fontina cheese, salt, pepper and nutmeg, stir and keep mixture on medium low heat.
While stock is reducing, melt butter in a large pot over medium heat and add onions. Sauté for five minutes and add mushrooms. Sauté for five more minutes and add flour. Reduce heat and stir to make a roux. Cook for three minutes. Add hot stock and milk mixture to butter, mushroom and flour mixture one third at a time, whipping or stirring with a wooden spoon. This sauce will be intentionally thin.
Spray a 3-4 quart casserole dish with non-stick cooking spray and ladle in some sauce to coat the bottom.
Spread half the dry noodles, half the cooked turkey, half the frozen peas and half of the hot cream sauce. Repeat with remaining noodles, turkey, peas and sauce.
Mix the finely shredded Swiss cheese with the crushed chips in a small bowl and sprinkle over the top of the casserole. (if you used a smaller casserole dish and it is filled to the top, place a sheet of foil on the rack below the casserole to catch and drips).
Bake uncovered for 45 minutes. Remove from oven and allow the casserole to set up for ten minutes before serving.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
In a medium to large pot filled half full with water, bring to a boil. Plunge in the whole carrots and boil for five minutes. Drain and bring the carrots to a cutting board and cut into ¼ inch slices.
While carrots are boiling, in a small bowl, beat eggs with cream, Parmesan cheese, mint, parsley and sherry. Set aside.
Heat a skillet over medium high and add butter, oil, salt and sliced carrots and cook for just a minute.
Pour carrots and butter into a medium casserole dish and pour reserved egg mixture over top.
Bake for 20 -25 minutes until golden brown on top.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Cut potatoes and put into a large enough bowl to mix. Add oil, wine, garlic, salt, pepper, sage and rosemary. Toss all ingredients to coat potatoes.
Pour onto a sheet pan and place in oven. Potatoes should be close but not touching to get proper browning. a typical 9 X 12 sheet pan is perfect.
Roast for 25 minutes and remove from oven. Using a spatula, turn potatoes and return to oven.
Cook for an additional 20-25 minutes or until potatoes are crispy. Cooking time will vary depending on accuracy of oven and size of potatoes. For our photo, we cut them on the larger size and it took an additional 15 minutes to get the right degree of browning. The trick is to get the potato tender before the liquid evaporates and then brown until done without burning the herbs. The final 10-15 minutes are crucial to the perfect potato.
Remove from oven and adjust seasoning by adding more salt if needed and serve.


In a large COLD sauté pan, place oil, garlic and fresh mint. Turn burner to medium low and cook slowly until garlic floats and is just slightly starting to turn brown. Keep heat low and don’t overcook.
With a slotted spoon, remove garlic and mint to a small bowl.
Turn heat to medium and place all of the zucchini quarters in on one cut side. After about four minutes turn and cook on the other cut side for about four more minutes. The zucchini should be lightly browned and not fully cooked.
Add the tomatoes with juice, salt, pepper and reserved garlic and mint.
Cook for about 5-10 minutes or until the sauce thickens and the zucchini is tender.
Serve in a platter with additional chopped fresh mint over top.


Place dry beans in a large bowl and cover with a gallon of water and soak overnight at room temperature.
The next day drain and rinse.
In a large pot, place soaked beans, the quartered onion with the two cloves attached, the two sage leaves, the smashed garlic and the three quarts of water.
Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and simmer uncovered for 45-60 minutes or until the beans soft and tender.
Reserve ½ cup of cooking liquid and discard remainder along with the sage leaves, garlic and the quartered onion. Leave beans off heat until needed.
In a heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium heat and sauté sausage, garlic and sage until sausage slices have browned, about five minutes. Add vermouth and cook to evaporate.
Add cooked beans and the ½ cup of bean liquid. Stir to combine.
Crush tomatoes by hand into the bean mixture then pour in the tomato liquid and add the tomato paste, salt and pepper.
Stir and cook over medium heat for about ten minutes until creamy.
Note: We found that these beans picked up more flavor the following day when reheated.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
In a large bowl, toss carrots with the garlic, salt, pepper and oil. Pour out onto a sheet pan or roasting pan, lay lemon slices over carrots and place in preheated oven.
Roast for 20 minutes, flip, turn pan and roast for 20 more or until tender.
Place pan over two burners and turn heat to medium high.
Add vinegar and scrape up pan bottom. Once vinegar evaporates, maybe 4-5 minutes, remove from heat and pour into a serving dish and enjoy.


Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Place russet potatoes and sweet potato on center rack of oven and bake 30 minutes. (Place sweet potato on a small sheet of foil to catch drips). Open oven, flip potatoes and prick with a fork. Bake for another 30 minutes. Sweet potato may need another 15-30 minutes - bake until soft. Remove potatoes from oven to cool.
Turn oven down to 375 degrees.
In a skillet, cook bacon until crispy. Drain the bacon on paper towels and discard fat. Chop bacon into small bits.
In a bowl, mix together half of the chopped bacon, the Mascarpone cheese, scallions (except for reserved tops to be used later for garnish), butter, shredded cheddar cheese, salt and pepper.
Lay baking potatoes flat and cut in half horizontally. Scoop out each potato down to the skin (but leave enough potato so it keeps its shape) and place the filling in a large mixing bowl. Remove skin from sweet potato and place in the bowl with the scooped-out russet potato filling.
Roughly mash both potatoes with potato masher. Add bacon and cheese mixture and stir until smooth.
Place mixture into a 16-inch pastry bag with a star tip.
Fill each potato with mixture dividing evenly between the four halves.
Sprinkle remaining chopped bacon on each filled half and place on sheet pan.
Bake for 30 minutes or until mixture is hot and just golden brown.
Top each with chopped scallion greens and serve immediately.


If you have not already cooked the quinoa, do it now by bringing two cups of chicken or vegetable stock to a boil and add one cup of quinoa. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce heat to a simmer. Cook for 12 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit 10 minutes covered. Uncover, fluff and cool to room temperature. We poured it out onto a platter to cool quickly.
Boil water and pour over dried chili in a heat proof bowl and let sit for two minutes. Remove pepper and discard liquid. Using a fork, shred chili into pieces (depending on the heat factor, you may need to wear latex gloves and separate meat from seeds). Place in a medium bowl.
Add the cilantro, mint and scallions to bowl with the chilis and toss. Mix the lime juice and honey in a small container and hold.
In a medium nonstick sauté pan, over high heat, place vegetable oil and when oil is hot, toss in cooked quinoa. Using a wooden spoon, move the quinoa around frequently and cook for 12 – 15 minutes. Any moisture in the quinoa will evaporate and the quinoa will begin to toast and brown. Again, toss and stir frequently until lightly browned and toasted. Remove from heat.
Add the cooked chicken and lime juice and honey mixture to the bowl with the cilantro mixture and toss.
Serve the chipotle lime chicken salad with the twice cooked quinoa and 


In a small bowl place yogurt.
On the small holes of a box grater, grate cucumber, including skin. Place the grated cucumber in your hand and over the sink, squeeze out the liquid. There will be quite a bit.
Place the cucumber and all other ingredients in with the yogurt and whip to combine.
Chill and serve with our Kofta recipe.


Pour milk into a medium-sized sauce pan and heat to the point where the milk 
In a medium bowl, beat the egg yolks with the sugar.
Very slowly, drizzle about half of the milk into egg yolk mixture, stirring constantly until the eggs are tempered. Then add tempered eggs back to the rest of the scaled milk.
On low to medium heat cook mixture stirring continually watching to make sure it does not get too hot. If it does, the eggs will congeal and cook. (If you have to, keep removing the pan from the heat, stirring as you go.) Continue this for about five minutes or until mixture thickens. Immediately remove from heat, then add vanilla and stir.
Place a fine sieve over a bowl and pour the custard mixture through the sieve to filter out any egg bits that started to congeal. Cover the bowl with a large piece of plastic wrap, pushing the plastic down to touch the top of the custard. (This will prevent a skin from forming on the custard as it cools.) Refrigerate until completely cooled.
The finished sauce can be stored in the refrigerator for up to a day and used as needed for recipes calling for custard sauce including our 


Dredge the veal pieces in a half cup of the flour, salt and pepper.
Heat a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven over medium high and add the three tablespoons of oil. Once smoking hot, add veal and sear in two batches. Remove seared meat to a bowl.
Add more oil if needed and add diced fennel, garlic, cipolinni onions and mushrooms. Saute for five minutes to brown.
Reduce to medium and add remaining half cup of flour and stir with a wooden spoon for about a minute.
Add merlot and stir to combine, scraping pan bottom.
Increase heat to high and add stock, fresh tomatoes, stewed tomatoes, bay leaf, oregano, basil and fennel seeds. Bring to a boil then reduce to low.
The mixture will be thick and may stick unless you use a 
Once the meat is tender, taste for salt and pepper and after adjusting seasoning, add balsamic vinegar and stir. Discard bay leaf and serve.


In a large skillet over medium high heat, heat the olive oil. Add the diced zucchini and sauté 5 to 7 minutes or until just tender. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the zucchini to a large, heavy-bottomed dutch oven.
In the same skillet you used to sauté the zucchini (there should be enough oil remaining in the pan, but if not add up to ¼ cup more olive oil) sauté onions, garlic and bell peppers for about 10 minutes or until just wilted. Pour the entire mixture into the dutch oven with the zucchini.
Heat the dutch oven over low heat and add both kinds of canned tomatoes (including juices), fresh tomatoes, chili powder, cumin, basil, oregano, black pepper, salt, fennel seeds and fresh chopped parsley. Simmer uncovered for about 30 minutes, stirring frequently to avoid any sticking on the bottom of the pan.
After the 30 mintues are up, add the kidney beans, garbanzo beans, chopped dill and lemon juice and cook for another 15 minutes. Stir well and adjust seasonings as needed to suit your tastes.
Serve hot with sour cream, shredded Monterey Jack cheese and sliced scallions sprinkled on top.


In a medium to large pot, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil over medium high and add onions, carrots, mushrooms, celery and garlic. Sauté for five minutes and add lentils. Cook for one minute.
Add thyme and tomatoes and cook for three more minutes.
Add vegetable stock and bring to a boil. Cover, lower heat to a simmer and cook covered for 20 minutes. Do not add salt yet or lentils will be tough.
While the lentils are cooking, place cauliflower in a medium pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, cover and simmer for 10-12 minutes or until tender. Reserve ½ cup of the water in a cup and drain the remainder.
Place drained cauliflower in the bowl of a food processor and add 3 tablespoons of olive oil, 1 teaspoon of salt, ½ teaspoon of pepper and garlic powder. Turn to puree and slowly add some or all of the reserved water until the cauliflower is pureed and the consistency of soft mashed potatoes.
Place the egg yolk in a small bowl and add spoonfuls of the hot cauliflower mixture stirring after each spoonful to temper the egg yolk. Once the egg mixture is tempered, stir back into cauliflower mixture. Stir in the Parmesan cheese and pour the mixture back into pot and keep the lid on to retain the heat.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
After 20 minutes of cooking lentils, remove from heat and add peas, the remaining salt and remaining pepper.
Pour entire mixture into a 3 quart casserole dish but reserve a small amount of lentil cooking liquid in the pan.
Place the spinach in the pan with the liquid and cook just long enough to wilt the spinach. Pour the wilted spinach and any remaining liquid over the lentils.
Finally spoon the mashed cauliflower over the spinach and bake uncovered for 40 minutes.
Remove from oven and let rest 5 minutes before serving.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees
Trim stem end from squash. Cut about ⅓ off the top of each squash horizontally. Then cut a small horizontal sliver from the bottom so that the squash will sit flat and not roll. Dice the tops to ½ inch dice and set aside.
Using a small paring knife, cut around inside of squash then using a melon-baller, scoop out inside until the squash resembles a canoe. Try not to cut through to the bottom.
In a large skillet or frying pan heat the oil over medium heat. Add onion and cook two minutes. Add garlic, red pepper, mushrooms and cut up zucchini tops. Mix to combine and sauté one minute.
Remove from heat and mix in oregano, basil, parsley, salt, pepper, crumbs and both cheeses. Mix to combine.
Divide the filling between each zucchini boat and press into squash filling and pressing as you fill to hold shape.
Bake for 35 - 40 minutes uncovered. Try not to over cook, otherwise the zucchini will start to sag and the filling will not stay in.
As soon as they come out of the oven, sprinkle the tops with additional Parmesan cheese and serve.


Line a large platter with sprigs of fresh dill to create a wreath around the edge of the platter.
Cut a wide well in the center of each roll and remove the top crust. Spoon your favorite Marzetti Veggie Dip into each well.
Sprinkle each bread bowl with diced vegetables.
Place radishes around the wreath for additional decoration (and eating!) if desired.


Cut the chicken into flat bite size slices that are ¼ inch thick and two inches square – being sure to cut against the grain of the meat. (This gives it extra tenderness.)
Combine egg white, 1 tablespoon corn starch, 2 teaspoons sherry (or rice wine) and ¼ teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Stir until the cornstarch is completely dissolved. Add in 1 tablespoon of the canola oil and stir to combine. Add the chicken pieces and mix so the chicken is completely coated. Cover and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 30 minutes.
In a small bowl, mix the 
Bring the water to a boil and add in 1 tablespoon of canola oil. Remove from the heat and place chicken pieces in the hot water. With a spoon, separate the chicken pieces and quickly cover the pot. Let the chicken sit in the hot water for two minutes until it is partially cooked but not cooked through. Remove chicken to a platter and reserve. Discard the marinade and water.
In a hot wok, heat to very hot. Add in 1 tablespoon of peanut oil. Stir-fry mushrooms for about 2 minutes or until tender. Remove from the wok and set aside. (Cooking the mushrooms separate is necessary because most home stoves can’t get a wok hot enough to cook all the vegetables at once.)
When the wok is back to hot, add in the next 1 tablespoon of peanut oil, the white part of the chopped scallions, ginger, and crushed red pepper flakes, and stir about 10 seconds.
Add bok choy and ¼ teaspoon salt. Stir fry until the bok choy is almost tender, about three minutes. Add in the cooked mushrooms and snow peas and stir-fry an additional minute.
Add in cooked chicken and chicken stock mixture. Heat just until chicken is cooked through and sauce has thickened. (about 30 to 60 seconds).
Serve stir-fry over rice and top with remaining chopped scallion tops.


Heat a tea kettle or small pan with water. You will be using ½ cup of this hot water later in the recipe. Keep this hot water on the back burner of your stove.
Also have a pan of ice cold water nearby with ice cubes. (This will be used if the sauce starts to turn too dark and you need to cool the pan off a bit before continuing.)
In a stainless steel sauce pan (do not use a nonstick pan) mix all of the sugar and ¼ cup of tap water and bring to a boil stirring just to combine, then turn heat down to a simmer. Once it starts to boil, DO NOT STIR this mixture at all. It must not be touched for the full cooking time. (We learned this the hard way; three times!) If you stir, it will not caramelize so just let it sit. Set the timer for ten minutes and keep your eyes on it. It will start to turn amber in color. If it looks like it is turning too dark on one side and not the other, just swirl the pan a bit but again do not let anything touch the mixture. If sugar crystals form on the inside of the pan, you can brush them down with a wet pastry brush but again, do not let the brush touch or disturb the mixture.
As the sauce begins to turn brown – at this point you need to watch it VERY closely! Over the next five minutes or so it will turn darker and darker until finally it is dark amber in color (almost to the point of burning, but pull it from the heat just before it gets too dark) and a syrupy consistency. If it turns too brown too quickly, set the saucepan in the pan with the ice bath to cool then back on burner to finish.
As it reaches the correct dark amber color, turn off the heat and stir with a wooden spoon. The mixture will be molten hot so do not touch the spoon! Now very carefully add the ½ cup of hot water but stand back, it will bubble and splatter! Stir the water in and then let the mixture cool to room temperature. At this point the sauce will be thick and amber in color, but it will not solidify due to the water added at the end.
Store unused sauce in a tightly covered container at room temperature.


If cooking a raw chicken, place in pot, cover with water and place in whole peeled onion. Bring to a boil and simmer 2 hours then cool. If using cooked chicken, go to next step.
Shred chicken meat into thin threads with your fingers and place into a large mixing bowl.
Shred cabbage into thin shreds with a sharp knife and add to chicken.
Finely shred the carrot and chop mint and add to bowl.
Toss the mixture and refrigerate.
With a mortar and pestle, mash the garlic to a paste. Add the chili garlic sauce and the Thai chili pepper and continue mashing to a fine paste.
Scrape into a small bowl and add other sauce ingredients, whip to combine and refrigerate.
When ready to serve, pour cold sauce mixture over chicken and cabbage, toss and serve.


With a 
Transfer to a small bowl and add fish sauce, hot water, fresh lime juice and sugar. Stir until sugar has dissolved.
Serve in small bowls with shredded carrot on top.
Store covered in the refrigerator for 7 to 10 days.


Preheat oven to 375 degrees
Separate one egg and reserve one tablespoon of the white. Beat it with a fork. Toss the walnuts with the egg white, sugar, cayenne, cinnamon and paprika and lay out on a sheet pan. Bake for 10 minutes and remove from oven. Set aside.
In a large bowl, mix the Gala and Granny Smith apple strips along with pear strips. Toss with one tablespoon of lemon juice (three teaspoons equal one tablespoon) and 1 tablespoon of orange juice and set aside.
In a small bowl, mix mayonnaise, Crème Fraîche, sugar, celery salt, white pepper and the last teaspoon of lemon juice. Whip in walnut oil.
Add the celery, grapes, raisins and walnuts to the apple mixture. (Save a few nuts to sprinkle on top of each portion) Add in the mayonnaise dressing and toss to combine. Adjust seasoning.
Serve on a small dish or bowl and garnish with the reserved nuts and rocket salad or micro greens.


In a large skillet, brown the bacon until crispy. Remove bacon from the pan and set on a paper towel to cool. Reserve 3 tablespoons of the bacon drippings.
In the same skillet with the reserved bacon drippings, sauté the onion and mushrooms on medium-high heat until tender.
Turn the heat down and add in the cream cheese cubes, Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, pepper and salt. Stir over low heat until the cream cheese is melted.
Crumble the cooled bacon and add to the skillet along with the sour cream. Stir to mix well and heat through.
Serve immediately with crackers or mini-rye bread slices.


To make simple syrup, place ⅓ cup of sugar and ⅓ cup of water in a small sauce pan and simmer until thick and syrupy. This will yield about 4-5 tablespoons once reduced.
To make colored sugar, mix ½ cup of granulated sugar with 4-5 drops of liquid red food coloring and mix with a fork. Add more food coloring to get desired color.
Freeze margarita glasses for at least 30 minutes.
In a blender, place frozen watermelon, frozen grapefruit, 3 tablespoons simple syrup, lime juice, tequila, Triple Sec and crushed ice and blend to a fine consistency. Add more simple syrup to taste.
Take lime wedge and rub on rim of glasses.
Pour colored sugar in dish and rub wet glass rim in sugar.
Cut lime slices for each glass, make a slit half way on the slices and twist.
Cut enough small watermelon triangles to garnish each glass.
Pour blended drink into each rimmed glass and garnish with a lime twist and melon wedge.


Place the watermelon cubes and water in a blender and purée until smooth. Place a sieve over a large bowl. Pour the puréed watermelon mixture through the sieve, using a spoon to stir so that all of the watermelon liquids go through the sieve and into the bowl. Set liquid aside and discard watermelon solids.
Divide the lime slices and mint leaves equally in the bottom of four 12-ounce glasses. Sprinkle 1 to 2 teaspoons of SPLENDA® Sugar Blend into each glass. Using a wooden muddler, press down on the limes, mint and SPLENDA until all of the ingredients are muddled together.
Add ice cubes to each glass, then pour the puréed watermelon mixture over the ice cubes and stir to combine.
Garnish with additional sprigs of mint (if desired). Serve immediately.


Cut watermelon flesh into 1-inch cubes, removing seeds as needed. Place in individual serving bowls.
In a small food processor, combine ½ cup of the mint leaves and the sugar. Process until well blended and the mint leaves are chopped. Add the vinegar, lime juice and process again until mixed. Add the olive oil and process again until well blended. Pour dressing into a small pitcher and add a pinch each of salt and pepper to taste, stirring with a spoon to combine.
Sprinkle the feta cheese crumbles over the watermelon cubes that were placed in each bowl. Then lightly drizzle the dressing over each serving. Garnish with remaining mint leaves. Serve immediately.


Freeze beef for 30 minutes.
Prepare 
In a large bowl, mix beef broth, soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, sugar, sesame oil, sesame seeds and pepper.
After the beef has been in the freezer for 30 minutes, thinly slice against the grain into bite sized strips. Add beef strips to marinade. Cover and marinate for 30 minutes at room temperature or two hours refrigerated (stir occasionally).
Drain meat but reserve marinade. Stir corn starch into marinade and set aside.
In a large pan or wok, add 1 tablespoon of the oil and heat to medium high. Once wok is heated and oil is hot, add cabbage blend and stir fry for 3-4 minutes or until tender. Remove the cabbage from the wok and keep warm. 
Add the other tablespoon of oil to the wok and heat until hot. Stir-fry the beef for 2-3 minutes. (If necessary, cook the beef in batches so it stir fries and doesn’t steam.) 
Give marinade a stir and add to cooked beef. Cook and stir until mixture is bubbly. Cook for an additional two minutes.
To serve, arrange warm cabbage on serving platter and spoon beef mixture over cabbage. Sprinkle scallions over top and serve.


Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a small mixing bowl, stir together the reserved cooked cabbage from the 
Cut the dough in half and roll out each 10-ounce dough ball into a 5X10 rectangle. Cut each rectangle into six even squares. (You will have 12 squares in total.)
Top each square with a rounded tablespoon of the cabbage and beef mixture. Divide evenly between the 12 squares.
Brush one half of dough edges lightly with milk. Lift opposite corner of each square and stretch to the other corner forming a triangle. Seal the edges with the tines of a fork.
Arrange on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper.
Prick tops with fork. Bush with milk and sprinkle with sesame or poppy seeds.
Bake for 12 - 15 minutes until browned.
Serve with additional 


Toss chopped pecans in a small dry fry pan over medium heat until toasted.
Cut cooked chicken or turkey into matchstick sized strips.
In a medium bowl, combine chicken or turkey, 
Mix nutmeg into 
Serve immediately.


Mix all ingredients together to combine.
Set aside 4 cups of the cabbage blend in a container for the California Slaw and refrigerate.
Proceed to the 


In a medium pot place wheat berries, water and stock and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat and simmer on low for one full hour.
While wheat berries are cooking, place pine nuts in a dry pan and heat over medium to toast, about 5 minutes or so. Set aside.
Also make the dressing ahead by combining lemon juice, mustard, honey, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Whisk to combine and slowly add oil while whisking. Keep refrigerated until ready to use.
Once wheat berries have cooked for an hour, remove lid and add spinach and cook on medium for five minutes.
Add figs, cranberries, onion and parsley and stir.
Add half the pine nuts and half the dressing and stir. Let sit refrigerated for an hour.
To serve, drizzle remainder of dressing on top with remainder of pine nuts and serve.


Cook the wheatberries according to your package instructions.
While the wheatberries are cooking, prepare the orange citronette. In a large bowl, combine the orange zest and orange juice. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the olive oil until you have about a 50/50 mix of orange juice to olive oil. Taste the dressing and adjust the amount of oil if desired. Add salt and pepper to taste.
Add the warm wheatberries to the citronette and stir to combine. Allow the mixture to cool to room temperature.
Once cooled, stir in the scallions, feta cheese, cranberries, pistachios, and arugula. Toss to combine and serve immediately. (If you are preparing this in advance, add the arugula just before serving.)


In a tall cup (ideally the one that comes with an 
Add the olive oil and blend using 
Adjust seasonings to taste.
Cover until ready to use.


Prepare a double batch of 
Place the four breasts in a gallon zip lock bag with two cups of the 
Heat grill to high.
Remove chicken from bag and discard marinade. Rinse the chicken and pat dry with paper towels.
Brush three tablespoons of olive oil over the skin and sprinkle with the salt and pepper.
Place skin down on the hot grill and cook two to three minutes just to give grill marks. Brush the back side with the remaining oil and flip. Cook two minutes.
Move the chicken to an upper rack or a cooler side of the grill, skin up and lower the temperature to medium. The internal grill heat with cover closed should hover around 425 degrees F.
Take the one cup of 
Do this one more time. (Each time you do this, the sauce cooks into the chicken and eventually the tops get crispy and caramelized.)
After the final sauce goes on, cover the grill and cook another 10-20 minutes or until the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F, using a 
Remove to a platter, brush a little of the remaining sauce on top and let rest five minutes.
Serve with the reserved cup of 


Place all ingredients in a small bowl and whisk to combine.
Use in place of any red barbecue sauce.


The night before serving, peel skin from back of the ribs.
Mix the four rub spices and smear on both sides of the ribs.
Wrap in plastic and refrigerate overnight.
Heat grill so that the temperature stays at around 225 - 245 degrees F. With my four burner grill, one burner on the lowest flame kept the heat at about 235 – 245 degrees F which is as low as my grill gets
Mix 
Fill a flat wide pan with the apple juice and place on the back of the grill. (I used a disposable aluminum pan)
Unwrap the ribs and place on an upper rack over the apple juice (meat side up, bones down). If you don’t have an upper grill shelf, the ribs can go next to the apple juice but not directly over the lit burner. The apple juice keeps them moist during the five hours of cooking.
Smear the top of the ribs with a generous amount of sauce and close the lid.
Once per hour for the next four hours, smear more sauce over the ribs but try and do it quickly so the heat stays consistent.
At hour five, remove the ribs to a platter and smear again with more sauce. (To test, try bending the rib rack in half. It should start to break at the bend. If it is still rubbery, let it cook longer).
Once done, let sit covered with loose foil for five minutes on the platter.
Discard pan of apple juice.
Slice between ribs and serve with remaining 


Cut any large stems from the kale into small pieces and coarsely chop the remaining mixture. Set aside.
In a medium to large skillet over medium heat, add the ¼ cup of olive oil and once hot, add shallots, garlic, Herbs De Provence, cumin, salt and pepper and sauté until the shallots are tender, about 4-5 minutes. Remove this mixture to a bowl to cool.
Add two tablespoons of oil to the same pan and once hot, add kale mixture. Cook to wilt, about 2-3 minutes. Remove to cool.
In the bowl of a food processor, add drained beans and pulse until pureed almost smooth. A few small pieces left are fine.
Add cooled shallot and oil mixture and pulse just to combine.
Pour mixture out into a medium bowl and stir in cooked kale to combine.
Refrigerate until chilled and to serve, pour into a serving bowl and swirl the top, then pour a little olive oil into the swirls and finally grate some fresh Parmesan over the top and serve with your favorite crackers.


Cover beans with four cups of water and soak the beans for 24 hours in your refrigerator (not just overnight but for 24 full hours). Drain and rinse under cold water.
Place beans, two cups of water, bay leaf and the sprig of thyme in a large sauce pan and bring to a boil covered. Lower to a simmer with cover partially covering the pan and simmer for 45 minutes to an hour for navy beans, a little longer for cannelloni beans. The beans should be soft and tender, if not, keep cooking and check every five minutes or so. I used navy beans and they were done n 45 minutes.
Drain and reserve the cooking liquid used later in the recipe. Cool the beans and the reserved liquid completely before continuing.
Place the cooled beans and ¼ cup of the cooled liquid in a food processor with all other ingredients and process until well blended. Add more cooking liquid to process to desired consistency. Taste and adjust seasoning.
To serve, drizzle some olive oil and a few fresh thyme leaves over the top. Serve with sliced toasted baguette or crackers.


Preheat oven to 550 degrees F with a 
Press dough out to 14 inches on a floured surface.
Sprinkle corn meal on 
Spread 
Top with 
Slide onto pizza stone in the oven and bake 7 minutes or until bottom has browned.
Slice and serve.


Season both sides of chicken pieces with salt and pepper.
In a large heavy bottomed pot, heat oil over high.
Add half of the chicken pieces and brown thoroughly on both sides (3-4 minutes on each side). Remove to a bowl or plate and brown the second batch of chicken in the same manner. Remove that batch and add to bowl with first half.
Lower heat to medium high and add onions and bell peppers. Cook for two minutes and add garlic. Cook for 30 seconds.
Add chicken back in with any juices that accumulate along with coriander, oregano, cumin, chili powder, bay leaves, cilantro, chicken stock, chilies, white beans, red beans, creamed corn, diced potato and jalapeño.
Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer 10 minutes.
Stir in sour cream and heat to hot but not boiling.
Serve with additional sour cream, additional cilantro, tortilla chips or fresh squeezed lime juice.


Whisk together flour and baking powder in a medium sized bowl.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter until creamy. Add sugar and beat 3 minutes on high until pale and fluffy.
Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each addition.
Slowly add the flour and baking powder mixture into the egg mixture, blending well.
Then add yogurt, again mixing until blended. Fold in white chocolate chips and dried apricots until blended throughout the dough.
Refrigerate for at least 45 minutes. (This recipe may be made in advance and refrigerated overnight.)
When ready to bake, preheat oven to 350 degrees. Filling a ⅓ cup measuring cup, make scones and form into round balls. Place on ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes. Then turn the oven down to 325 degrees and bake for 10-11 minutes more until lightly golden.


In the bowl of a food processor, process the chocolate wafer cookies until they are fine crumbs. In a small bowl, place 1½ cups of the chocolate crumbs and hold the remaining crumbs aside in a separate bowl.
In a medium bowl, combine the 1½ cups of chocolate crumbs with the melted butter and stir to mix well. Press crumbs evenly into the bottom and up the sides of a 9-inch pie plate to form a solid crust. Place in the refrigerator to chill while you begin making the custard for the pie.
In a medium bowl, lightly beat the egg yolks. Set aside.
In a heavy bottomed saucepan, combine sugar, cornstarch, salt and milk. Stirring constantly heat over medium heat until the mixture just starts to get bubbly and thick. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly.
Remove the pan from the heat. While whisking, gradually add a few spoons of the hot custard mixture to the bowl with the egg yolks, being sure to whisk quickly so the yolks do not start to cook or curdle. Keep whisking and slowly add more of the hot custard mixture to the yolks, until you have about a cup of custard in the bowl with the yolks.
Add the egg yolk mixture back into the pan and stir. Heat the mixture in the pan back up over medium heat, again stirring constantly. Once it starts to bubble, reduce heat to low and cook for 2 more minutes. Remove from heat and stir in white chocolate chips and 1 teaspoon of the vanilla, stirring until the chocolate melts completely. Allow the white chocolate custard to cool slightly.
Slice two of the bananas and place in a single layer over the chilled crust. Spoon half of the custard filling over the bananas and spread into an even layer. Sprinkle the remaining chocolate crumbs over the custard. Then slice the remaining bananas and place over the chocolate crumbs, then spoon the remaining custard over the bananas. Cover and chill for at least 4 hours so the custard cools and the pie sets.
When ready to serve, in the bowl of a stand mixer and with the wire whip attachment, combine heavy cream, remaining ¼ teaspoon vanilla and powdered sugar. Whip at high speed until stiff peaks form. Spread whipped cream over the pie. Garnish with shaved chocolate and additional banana slices.


Fill a cocktail shaker half-way full with crushed ice.
Pour in all of the liquor ingredients and shake until well mixed.
Spread red sugar sprinkles evenly onto a large plate.
Wet the rim of a martini glass with water, then tip the martini glass rim into the sprinkles and spin the glass to coat the rim.
Drizzle a small amount of chocolate syrup in a spiral design inside the glass.
Pour contents of shaker into the martini glass.
Place a small peppermint candy cane along the edge of the glass.


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the lasagna noodles until they are pliable but still firm. They will cook further in the oven so you just need to get them soft enough to fill and roll. Cool and set aside, keeping them moist so they don’t stick.
In a large sauté pan over medium high, heat olive oil and cook onions and garlic for two minutes. Add prosciutto and cook for one more minute. Add spinach and cook just until wilted, about another minute. Remove from heat.
In a medium to large bowl, place ricotta cheese, the egg, parsley, Parmesan, ½ cup of the 
Add cooked spinach mixture and stir to combine.
Pour one cup of 
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Take each strip of lasagna noodle and place ½ cup of filling along center of strip. Then fold each side over. With a spatula, remove filled roll from your counter to the pan laying them in a 3x4 pattern for a total of 12.
Pour the remaining 1½ cups of Béchamel sauce over the tops and sprinkle the remaining 1 ½ cups of mozzarella.
Top the pan with a sheet of parchment paper then foil and bake for 25 minutes covered. Remove foil and paper and bake uncovered for an additional 15-20 minutes or until hot and bubbly and slightly browned.
Serve 1-2 rollups for a portion.


Bring a large stock pot of salted water to boil and cook lasagna noodles for five minutes and drain. Noodles should be hard but flexible enough to work. Keep noodles wet so they don’t stick together and set aside.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
Slice both squashes the long way into thick slices. Should get about five or six long slices per squash. Lay them on a sheet pan and brush with the olive oil. Only use enough oil to brush both sides. Sprinkle the half teaspoon of salt and ¼ teaspoon pepper and roast for 20 minutes, flipping the squash over after 10 minutes. Set aside.
Lower oven to 375 degrees
In a medium sauté pan, pour remaining olive oil and heat over medium to medium high. Add shallots and sauté 2 minutes. Add garlic and sauté another minute. Add mushrooms, black pepper and crushed red pepper flakes and sauté 2 more minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. Mixture will finish cooking in the oven.
In a medium bowl place thawed and drained spinach, ¼ cup of the heavy cream, cottage cheese, salt and one egg. Drain the mushroom mixture in a strainer and add to cottage cheese and spinach. Mix and set aside.
In another medium bowl, place the other egg, ricotta, Parmesan, Asiago, chopped parsley and chopped basil. Mix and set aside.
In a small pan, heat milk and remaining cream to scalding. Turn heat off and hold. Melt butter in a large sauce pan or medium pot and add flour. Cook over medium heat for three to five minutes or until raw flour smell is gone. Add milk mixture to butter and flour mixture one third at a time whipping smooth each time. Add the one and one half teaspoons of salt, ½ teaspoon black pepper and the full teaspoon of nutmeg. Stir and set aside.
In a deep 9x13-inch pan, layer the bottom with a ladle or two of the sauce.
Next layer noodles, overlapping each other on the edges. Use about four or five lasagna noodles per layer. There will be three layers of noodles so plan the number of pieces per layer.
Next layer half of the cooked squash.
Next layer all of the ricotta mixture.
Next layer more noodles.
Next layer the spinach and cottage cheese mixture.
Next layer the Fontina cheese.
Next layer more of the sauce. (About 2 cups)
Next layer the remainder of the squash.
Next layer the remaining noodles.
Cover the top with sauce reserving any leftover sauce to serve at the table over each portion.
Finally slice the fresh mozzarella and lay over the top.
Cover with parchment paper and foil. Place the covered pan on a foil lined sheet pan to catch the drips.
Bake for one hour and remove foil and wrap. Bake uncovered for an additional 15 minutes to brown.
Let rest and firm up for 30 minutes before cutting and serving.


Place orange, lemon and lime slices in a large pitcher.
Add the wine and Triple Sec. With a large wooden spoon, stir the contents of the pitcher until mixed. (You can gently press the slices of fruit toward the bottom of the pitcher to release some of the fruit juices into to wine.)
Refrigerate overnight (or for a minimum of four hours).
Just before serving, add the ginger ale and stir again to mix.
Pour into glasses to serve. (This may be served over ice if desired.)


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Place the squash, oil, salt, pepper and sage in a small bowl and toss. Then pour out onto a small sheet pan and bake for 20 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside.
While squash is roasting, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.
In a medium bowl, combine flour, salt, pepper, nutmeg, sage, thyme, rosemary and grated cheese.
In a small bowl beat milk and eggs.
Add the wet to the dry and mix to form the dough.
Once the water comes to a boil, take a box grater and hold over the hot water with the large holes facing down. Using a rubber spatula, scoop about a third of the dough and press it into the box grater through the large holes into the water. Cook that batch three minutes and remove to a clean bowl and drizzle with a little of the melted butter. Then pour onto a platter or large plate. Repeat for the remaining dough using one third per batch and again into the bowl with butter then onto the plate. Place the plate in the refrigerator to stop the cooking process.
Once the squash is out of the oven, heat a large sauté pan or skillet over medium heat and add the three tablespoons of butter, the one tablespoon of oil and the onions. Sauté for four minutes or until translucent then add garlic. Sauté for one more minute and add sage, thyme, rosemary, chicken stock, cooked squash plus any pan drippings and cooked Spaetzle. Toss a few times and add Parmesan, salt and pepper and reduce heat to medium.
Cook over medium for about 3 or 4 minutes until the liquid is absorbed.
Remove from heat and serve.


In a large bowl combine both flours, brown sugar, salt, cinnamon and baking soda.
Add zucchini and toss to coat. Add raisins and toss to coat.
In a small bowl, beat egg and add in milk and oil and beat just to combine.
Add wet to dry and mix until combined.
Grease a 9x5x3 loaf pan with butter and pour in batter.
Bake for 60-75 minutes - checking after 60 minutes and if getting too dark, lower heat to 325 and cover with foil for last 10-15 minutes if needed.


Bring a sauce pan of water to a boil with 1 tablespoon of white vinegar and gently place the three whole eggs in without cracking the shells. Boil 5 minutes, turn off burner and let sit 15 minutes in hot water. After 15 minutes, drain water and shake pan to crack shells. Peel under cold water, chop and set aside.
Place cauliflower and cubed yams in large sauce pan and cover with water. Add salt and bring to a boil. Simmer about ten minutes or until tender. Drain and leave in strainer draining.
In a small sauce pan, bring apple juice to a boil and boil until reduced to one tablespoon. Watch closely. The mixture will be thick and sweet. Pour into a small bowl and add cider vinegar, white vinegar, celery salt, pepper, poppy seeds and Dijon mustard. Stir in mayonnaise and onions.
Place drained, but still warm, cauliflower and yams in a large bowl.
Add mayonnaise mixture and stir.
Fold in chopped eggs and immediately refrigerate until chilled.


Set a large Dutch oven on the stove but do not heat yet. Have a 
On an adjoining burner, heat a very large skillet over medium high heat and add ½ cup of the olive oil.
Add zucchini and cook for four minutes, turning with a wooden spoon. With the strainer or spider, move the zucchini to the Dutch oven but do not add heat yet.
Keep the skillet hot and add onions, garlic, celery, celery root and turnip.
Cook for three minutes and add bell peppers and jalapeno.
Cook for two more minutes and pour mixture into pot with zucchini.
Add remaining oil to skillet and once hot, add ground beef, ground pork and fennel seeds. Break apart with a wooden spoon and cook until all pink is gone.
While beef is cooking, add both cans of tomatoes to Dutch oven along with tomato paste, fresh tomatoes, chili powder, cumin, basil, oregano, salt and pepper.
Place a 
Once beef and pork are cooked, add to the Dutch oven including all fat and liquid from the skillet. Stir into other ingredients.
Once the mixture starts to bubble fast, lower to a medium simmer and cook for 30 minutes uncovered stirring occasionally.
After 30 minutes, stir in chopped cilantro and serve with garnishes of sliced olives and chopped scallions.


Note: These can be made ahead and frozen and baked frozen if desired.
If baking immediately, preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Line a small sheet tray with parchment paper.
Drain liquid from can of salmon and discard liquid. Pick out bones and skin and discard. Take remaining salmon, break into pieces and place in a medium bowl.
Add all other ingredients except butter (or coconut oil).
Mix and form into seven equal patties about 1” thick.
Butter or oil parchment paper and set salmon cakes on paper. If freezing, cover and freeze.
If baking, place in preheated oven for 20 minutes.
Flip and cook for ten minutes more.
If using frozen salmon cakes, they can be baked frozen or thawed. If baking frozen, you may need to adjust cooking time.
Serve with tartar sauce (see recipe below) and lemon.
Place all ingredients in a bowl and mix to combine. Refrigerate for 30 minutes before serving.


Poke a few holes in the skin of the uncut spaghetti squash with a fork. Place entire uncut squash in the microwave and microwave for 8-10 minutes on high to get skin pliable enough to cut.
Use a dish towel to remove the squash to your cutting board and cut from end to end in half.
Remove and discard seeds.
Place squash cut side down on a plate or platter and microwave on high for about 15 minutes, using five minute intervals. Once the squash is soft, invert and using a fork, pull and scrape the meat from the squash, finishing with a spoon to remove all flesh from shell. Discard the outer shell.
Toss with tomatoes and pesto and serve. (Note: If your pesto is too thick, add some additional olive oil to loosen it.)
Optional: Drizzle with olive oil before serving if desired.


Place an 8-quart pot filled ¾ of the way with water over high heat to boil.
Using a small pointed knife such as a boning knife, remove core of cabbage and discard, leaving head of cabbage intact.
Once water is boiling rapidly, carefully place head of cabbage in water cut side up. Push down with a wooden spoon so the cavities fill with water.
Keep heat on high and have a pair of tongs handy and a sheet tray.
In about five minutes, you will be able to start removing the outer leaves onto the sheet tray using the tongs. Make sure the leaves are pliable enough to roll. Continue gently peeling off each outer leaf until you reach the last center leaves, pausing as you go to make sure each leaf is pliable and somewhat tender. The whole process should take approximately 10 minutes. Set them aside to cool.
Make the sauce by pulling the stems off the figs and discarding. Place the figs into a glass two cup measurer and fill water to the one cup mark. Microwave on high for about a minute and a half or until the water just starts to bubble.
Remove from the microwave and place a cover over the measuring cup to keep the heat in.
In a large sauce pan or medium pot over medium high, add oil and onions and sauté for three minutes.
Add wine to deglaze for about one minute.
Add tomatoes, tomato paste, salt, pepper, basil and garlic powder.
Place the figs and water in a blender or food processor and puree, then add to tomato mixture.
Bring to a high bubble, lower heat and place a heat diffuser under the pot. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes.
While sauce is cooking, make filling.
Using a box grater, grate the cauliflower on the large holes to make three cups of shredded cauliflower.
Place a large non-stick sauté pan over high heat and add the cauliflower. Do not add any fat, just the dry cauliflower. Toss and shake continuously for ten minutes. This step is needed to remove moisture from the cauliflower and have it act as the rice that would normally be put in traditional stuffed cabbage.
After 10 minutes, the cauliflower rice will be golden brown. Pour out onto paper towels where it will cool and give up some more liquid. You will have half the volume you started with. Set this aside.
In the same pan over medium high heat, add oil and prosciutto and sauté for 2 minutes.
Add onions and fennel seeds and sauté for 3 minutes. Remove from heat to cool.
In a large bowl, add ground beef, ground pork, eggs, salt, pepper, basil, oregano, garlic powder, almond flour, cauliflower rice and onion and prosciutto mixture. Mix thoroughly to combine.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Place one cup of sauce on the bottom of a 9X13 pan or glass baking dish.
Reserve two or three large dark outer cabbage leaves. You should have 14 good sized leaves left and some smaller scrap pieces. If not, try and divide up the filling by the number of usable cabbage leaves.
Take a cabbage leaf, curl up, with rib part towards you. Place a scoop of filling in center. If filling 14 leaves, each scoop should be about 3 ½ ounces each.
Roll away from you by tucking rib over filling and then folding each side towards the center. Push the roll forward so it lands on the seam and place seam side down in the prepared pan.
Continue for the remaining rolls.
Spoon about a tablespoon of sauce over each roll and brush to the edges of the roll so all of the cabbage tops are covered.
Then take the two or three large outer leaves and place over the cabbage rolls.
Top that with more sauce (about ½ a cup), saving the remaining sauce to serve on the side once they are cooked.
Cover with parchment and foil and bake covered for one hour.
Remove foil and parchment and bake for 30 minutes more. Watch the last 15 minutes to make sure they don’t burn.
Serve immediately with sauce on the side.


Lay out chicken strips and season both sides with salt, pepper, garlic powder and thyme.
In a very large skillet, over high heat, pour in two tablespoons of the olive oil and let get smoking hot.
Piece by piece, lay in half the chicken and cook for about two minutes per side, then remove to a platter.
Repeat for remainder of the chicken.
Add the remaining tablespoon of oil and reduce to medium high.
Add onions and stir two minutes then add peppers and stir and cook for two additional minutes.
Add kale including any water stuck to leaves from rinsing and toss and cook 2 more minutes.
Add vinegar and cook for about two minutes to deglaze.
Add olives, tomatoes, stock and cooked chicken, including any liquid from chicken.
Cook to evaporate some of the liquid, about two minutes, then remove from heat and add cold clarified butter and pesto and toss to combine.
Serve immediately.


Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Line two cookie sheets with parchment paper.
In a medium bowl, combine cocoa, flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Stir to mix. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream together the shortening and sugar. Add egg, milk, and vanilla extract and mix well.
Slowly add dry mixture to the mixing bowl with the wet mixture and mix well.
Using a medium (1½ ounce) scoop, place scoops of the batter onto the prepared cookie sheets (about 12 per sheet).
Bake one cookie sheet at a time for 6-7 minutes (they may look a little bit wet on top but that is OK). With a spatula, remove immediately to cool on a wire cooling rack.
Once the cake mounds have cooled completely, prepare the filling by combining the marshmallow fluff, confectioners' sugar, shortening and vanilla extract in the bowl of a stand mixer and mix until completely combined. Add milk as necessary to get to a soft (but not too soft consistency.)
Using a scoop, place a dollop of the filling in the center of the flat side of one cake. Place a matching piece of cake against the filling and push to spread the filling evenly between the two halves. Repeat until all of the pies have been filled.


Mix all dip ingredients and hold.
Mix all batter ingredients, ending with beer. Batter should be like a light pancake batter.
Lay out half cup of flour in a plate or bowl and toss dried pickle chips to coat.
Heat oil in a heavy bottomed pan to 350 degrees using a candy thermometer.
Dip one pickle chip from flour into batter and drop in hot oil. It should cook up like tempura. You want a light coating that crisps up with some of the pickle showing. Cook to crisp and remove to a paper towel (about 2 – 2 ½ minutes). Taste pickle and adjust batter based on how spicy you like the batter. Also add more flour or beer to get a perfect tempura type batter.
Fry in two batches and serve with sauce on the side.


Fill a large pot ⅔rd full with generously salted water and bring to a boil.
Prepare an ice bath in a large bowl with ice and water and a colander in your sink or over a large bowl.
Once the water is boiling, plunge the cauliflower in, cover and when it returns to a boil, time for two minutes. Remove the cauliflower to an ice bath using a 
Let the four vegetables drain very well. To further dry, roll the broccoli and cauliflower in paper towels to remove any last moisture trapped. Transfer vegetables to a large mixing bowl.
In a medium bowl, mix the remaining ingredients and add to the large bowl with the vegetables. Gently mix to combine.
The flavors of this dish improve if stored overnight however it can be served right after preparing.


Salt and pepper all sides of the beef.
In a five quart heavy bottomed pot with a tight fitting lid (like the 
Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
Add carrots, parsnips, onion, celery and garlic to the pot. Cook and stir often for 15 minutes over medium high. Add tomato paste and cook for 2 minutes stirring often. Lower the heat to medium if the mixture starts to stick. Add flour and stir and cook for one more minute.
Add wine and stir and scrape bottom to deglaze. Once most of wine has evaporated, add stock.
Wrap bay leaves, rosemary, thyme and parsley stems in butcher’s twine and add to pot. Add gravy seasoning and stir. Nestle beef back in the pot pushing to the bottom so the vegetables come up around the sides. Cover the pot and place in center of oven.
Cook for 1 ½ hours at 325 degrees then lower temperature to 300 degrees and cook for another one to two hours or until tender. Test every 30 minutes for last hour or so by cutting a small sliver of beef and checking for doneness.
Remove the pot from the oven, remove beef to a platter and cover platter loosely with foil.
Remove and discard herb bundle including bay leaves.
Using a ladle, skim off and discard fat that floats to the top, about half a cup or so.
Using an 
Bring sauce to hot over medium heat, add onion, cover and simmer five minutes.
At this point, if you don’t have room for the vegetables remove some of the thickened stock to a bowl and then add the carrots, parsnips, potatoes and turnip to the pot. Cover and simmer 20-25 minutes until tender, stirring occasionally so they don’t stick to the bottom. The mixture will have reduced some so add reserved sauce back in after they are cooked.
Taste mixture for seasoning and adjust with salt and pepper.
Transfer the roast to a cutting board and slice against the grain into thick slices. Strain vegetables and serve on platter with beef.
Serve the sauce remaining in the pan on the side with the beef and vegetables.


Whisk flour, salt, eggs and milk to form a batter. Don’t worry about any lumps. Cover and refrigerate for at least two hours covered.
After two hours, preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
Add beef fat to a 9X12 roasting pan and place in hot oven for 5 minutes.
Quickly, pour cold batter into hot fat and close the oven door quickly.
The batter will puff and rise with high and low areas. Do not open oven during this process but check progress through oven window.
The pudding should take about 25 minutes but check after 20 minutes, again through the window.
Once the batter stops puffing and the top starts to get browned, remove from oven and serve immediately with roasted prime rib of beef.
Some of the pudding will deflate which is totally fine!


Lay out chicken slices and divide salt, pepper and rosemary between front and back of chicken.
Heat half the oil in a large non stick pan over medium high heat and cook chicken in two batches using rest of oil for second half, about 2-3 minutes on each side per batch. Set chicken aside.
Place shallots and garlic in pan and cook for one minute until soft. Add vinegar to deglaze pan.
When vinegar has evaporated, add wine, tomatoes, olives and capers. Cook over medium to medium high heat 5-8 minutes until mixture has thickened.
Add basil and return chicken to pan along with any juices that have leaked out of the chicken and cook for one more minute.
Serve over your favorite pasta.


Pull the turkey carcass apart as much as possible so that it fits better in a medium pot. Place turkey carcass in medium pot.
Remove seeds from two of the jalapenos and leave the seeds in the other two. If you like the heat, leave all the seeds in. Place those in the pot with the turkey carcass along with the onion, celery, cilantro stems, salt and peppercorns.
Cover with water to about two inches above ingredients.
Bring to a boil then simmer for two hours or until there is about two cups of liquid left. Do not discard liquid.
Separate the liquid from the solids, pick the meat from the bones once it is cool enough to handle and discard the remaining solids. You should have about 4 cups of cooked turkey.
If the turkey isn’t already shredded, shred with two forks.
Heat a large sauté pan and melt the butter over medium high and place the shredded turkey into the hot butter.
Brown the turkey for about 4-5 minutes. Remove from the pan and place back into the liquid to keep it hot and moist.
Mix the mayonnaise with the cilantro and spread evenly over each top and bottom roll.
Drain the hot shredded turkey and pile between each roll and top each with the sliced jack cheese.
Divide the cranberry relish between each and top with the other half of the roll.


Place a 
While salmon is steaming, mix diced Farmer’s Garden dill pickles, raw shrimp, egg, shallots, curry paste, mayonnaise, pepper flakes, salt, sugar, corn starch, dill, bread crumbs and potato flakes. Mix to incorporate all ingredients.
Flake cooked salmon into bowl with other ingredients and gently mix just to combine.
Form into eight 4-ounce patties and place on a parchment or plastic lined tray and refrigerate covered for at least one hour or longer to help set up mixture.
While salmon burgers are setting up, mix all of the spread ingredients in a small bowl and refrigerate.
When you are ready to serve, heat your grill to a medium heat and preheat grill pan. If your grill does not have a cover, make a tent from tin foil.
Once the grill and grill pan are ready, liberally oil the grill pan and using a spatula, gently place the eight patties on the pan. Brush the tops with oil so that when you flip them, they won’t stick to the grill pan. (If your pan is smaller in size, cook in two batches)
Cook for about a total of ten minutes with the lid closed and turning as the bottoms brown. If they start to get too dark too fast, lower heat or raise the grill rack. You want to cook them so the center cooks through but keeping the outside golden brown. (They will be soft and delicate as they cook but once they are cooked through, they firm up and stay formed like a burger.)
Alternatively, if you are baking these in your oven, cook in a 350 degree oven for about the same cooking time on an oiled sheet pan.
If you wish to grill your rolls, do that while the salmon burgers are cooking.
To serve, place the dill spread on the inside top and bottoms haves of the roll and serve with lettuce, tomato and plenty of Farmer’s Garden dill pickles on the side.


In a large sauté pan, melt butter in oil over medium heat and add onions, salt and pepper. Cook for about ten minutes and add garlic. Cook for another five to ten minutes or until onions are nice and browned and caramelized. Remove onions to a bowl but leave fat in the pan.
Add zucchini and sauté over medium high for about five minutes or until tender.
While zucchini is cooking, mix eggs with milk and set aside.
Once zucchini finishes cooking, add onions back in, reduce to medium and add egg mixture.
Turn with a spatula or wooden spoon and cook just until the eggs are scrambled.
Taste for salt and pepper and serve immediately.


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Line a 13x9-inch baking pan with foil, making sure that the piece of foil is large enough to allow the ends of the foil to extend up and over the sides of the pan. Spray the foil with non-stick cooking spray.
In a large microwave-safe bowl, add the chocolate and butter and microwave on high for 2 minutes. Stir until the chocolate is completely melted.
Stir in the sugar.
Blend in the eggs and vanilla, stirring to combine as much as possible (there may be some egg that doesn’t completely mix in – that is perfectly fine).
Sift flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.
Add flour mixture to wet and mix thoroughly. Then add the zucchini and walnuts and stir to evenly combine.
Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with fudgy crumbs. (Do not over bake – these are very moist and fudgy brownies.)
Let cool completely. When cool, use the foil to remove the brownies from the pan and onto a cutting board. Cut before serving.


Stem zucchini and shred using a box grated on the side with the larger holes. Place the shredded zucchini in a cheese cloth and into a strainer over a bowl. Squeeze the cheese cloth to get as much water out as possible then set over strainer to drain more while you prepared the rest of the ingredients.
In a large sauté pan over medium heat, place the butter, oil, shallots, garlic, onion and whole thyme sprigs and sauté for three minutes.
Take the cheese cloth with zucchini and squeeze again. (We were able to drain almost a full cup of liquid from the squash before cooking!) Discard liquid.
Add drained squash, mint, salt, pepper and stir.
Continue to cook over medium heat for ten to fifteen minutes or until the zucchini is just cooked. (Do not overcook; the zucchini should still have a little bite to it.) Remove and discard the thyme sprigs.
Add Romano cheese and stir.
Serve on toasted bread or on crackers. Best served warm but it's also delicious served chilled.


The night before making this corn bread, in a medium bowl, place corn meal and buttermilk and stir. Cover with plastic wrap and let sit overnight at room temperature.
The day of baking, cook bacon until crisp. Place bacon on paper towels to drain and crumble. Set bacon aside and reserve 5 tablespoons bacon fat.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and place a 9X13 pan in the oven that has 3 tablespoons of the bacon fat in it. Let the pan and fat heat while you prepare the batter.
In a large bowl, sift flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.
Blend both sugars into flour mixture.
In a small bowl melt butter and honey in microwave just long enough to melt butter. Stir mixture then add the eggs. Beat with wire whip until combined. Add two tablespoons of bacon fat and beat again.
Pour the egg mixture into the corn meal mixture that was soaked overnight and stir.
Pour this wet batter into the flour mixture and stir to combine.
Fold in the corn and zucchini.
Remove hot pan from the oven and carefully swirl the bacon fat around to reach all sides.
Pour the finished batter into the hot pan and sprinkle the crumbled bacon over the top, pressing it down into the top of the batter so it doesn’t burn.
Bake in center rack for 45-50 minutes or until a tooth pick comes out clean.
Cool 15 minutes and serve.


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
Remove kale leaves from stems by pulling the leaves off with your hand in a downward pull starting at the thick end of the stem. The leaves should tear right off. Freeze the stems for a vegetable stock or discard. Take the leaves and stack them on top of each other (This should weigh four ounces). Roll them up the long way like a cigar shape and with a sharp knife, cut into cross strips. Then run a knife down the strips the opposite direction to cut into slightly smaller pieces. Place in a colander and rinse thoroughly under cold running water. Let sit in colander while you prepare the rest of the dish.
In a large bowl, beat eggs and add spices and beat again. Add cream and beat to combine then beat in both cheeses. Stir in zucchini. Set this aside.
Heat a 12” skillet over medium high heat and add oil and butter.
Once the butter has melted, add shallots and salami and sauté for three minutes.
Add cleaned wet kale to pan and cook for about 4-5 more minutes or until kale is slightly tender but has not changed color. Once it turns from a deep dark green to a pale green, it has cooked too long. Remove it from the heat just after it is slightly tender.
Pour in the egg mixture and stir and place in the preheated oven.
Bake for 25 minutes and remove.
Turn on broiler and broil just until top has browned, about 3-4 minutes.
Remove and serve.


In a heavy bottomed pan or cast iron skillet, add about three inches of oil. Heat to 350 degrees (use a 
In a medium bowl, sift flour, salt, and baking powder together. Add shredded zucchini and toss to coat.
Combine milk, beaten egg and vanilla extract.
Add wet ingredients to the bowl with the dry ingredients and stir just to combine.
Using an ice cream scoop or ¼ cup measuring cup, drop fritters into hot oil in two batches. Make sure to heat the oil back up to 350 degrees between batches.
As they cook, keep turning with a 
Remove to paper towels and cook second batch.
Serve with powdered sugar dusted over tops and maple syrup.


Remove stem and end from zucchini(s). Slice into half inch slices. Set aside.
Mix flour, one teaspoon of salt and pepper into a medium bowl or pie plate.
Beat eggs and milk into another medium bowl or pie plate.
Pour bread crumbs into a third medium bowl or pie plate.
The zucchini should be a little wet from sitting. Dip each piece first into flour (shake off excess), then in egg wash and then in bread crumbs and lay out on a platter. Lay a piece of parchment over each layer if they all don’t fit on the platter in a single layer.
In a cast iron skillet or other heavy bottomed pan, fill to about three inches with the oil and bring to 350 degrees.
Also preheat oven to 375 degrees.
With long handled tongs, place breaded zucchini into hot oil and cook in batches making sure the oil heats back up before you start the next batch. Fry about a minute and a half on each side or until golden brown. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels. Salt each piece as they come out of the hot oil with remaining teaspoon of salt. Repeat for remaining pieces. They will not be fully cooked at this point.
As you are cooking, draining and salting each piece, begin assembling on a foil lined sheet pan that has been lightly sprayed with pan spray. Arrange into six even piles letting them fall off to each side (see photos below).
After they are all on the sheet pan, divide the grated Parmesan between them. Then divide the sauce and finally the mozzarella between the six portions (see photos above).
Place in preheated oven and bake for 20 minutes.
Serve immediately with pasta of your choice if desired.


In a large sauté pan, place the one teaspoon of oil over medium heat and place in slices of prosciutto. Cook to crisp, about 15 minutes, then remove to drain on a paper towel. Once cool, cut into small pieces to use as a garnish for the finished dish.
In a medium pot, heat the stock to hot, cover and keep hot but not boiling, on a back burner.
In a 5 quart Dutch oven or a wide skillet or sauté pan, heat oil over medium high heat and add zucchini. Cook until browned, about 8-10 minutes.
Add garlic slices and pepper flakes and cook one minute.
Add onions and cook for 6-7 minutes until soft.
Add rice and stir to coat.
Add wine and scrape the pan bottom of any brown bits. Cook until almost all of the liquid has been absorbed.
Add herbs and one cup of the hot stock and cook and stir until absorbed.
Add tomatoes and cook for two minutes then add one more cup of stock. Again, cook and stir until almost all liquid has been absorbed.
Repeat this for two more cups of stock, one cup at a time and letting that absorb before adding the next.
The last two cups of stock should be added one quarter cup at a time, cooking between each addition. We did not use the last cup of stock, as our rice was perfectly cooked after five cups.
The entire cooking process from when we started the zucchini to the finished rice was about 45 minutes, but your time may vary. The rice should be cooked but a little chewy and the sauce should be creamy.
Remove from heat and stir in the goat cheese and Parmesan cheese. The finished dish will be thick and creamy, similar to a thick oatmeal consistency.
Serve the crispy prosciutto over each portion and additional Parmesan cheese on the side.


Cut off both ends from the zucchini squash and discard.
Cut the zucchini into ¼-inch thick strands using a mandoline or by hand as follows: Cut the zucchini in half lengthwise. Place the squash cut side down. Using a sharp knife, make long thin strips from one side to the other. Then stack these strips horizontally and cut long think strands from the flat strips. Aim for strands about ¼-inch thick.
To cook, in a large non-stick skillet, melt the butter on medium high heat.
Once the butter is melted, add in the strands of zucchini and stir to coat. Continue to cook on medium high heat for no more than two minutes, constantly but gently stirring the strands with heat-proof tongs so that the zucchini cooks evenly. Remove from heat when zucchini is still slightly crunchy – it will cook a little more from its own heat as you serve it.
Sprinkle on the grated Parmesan cheese and stir once more to coat.
Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, and serve immediately.


Place a strainer over a medium bowl or container and pour the two cans of Zucchini and Tomato Sauce as well as Diced Tomatoes into the strainer, reserving the liquid. With a spoon, keep stirring gently until all liquid has drained into bowl. Reserve zucchini and tomatoes in a separate bowl and set aside.
Add one cup of the stock to the reserved tomato liquid and reserve the rest of the stock for later in the recipe.
In a medium to large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, place oil and shallots and sauté for two minutes. Add garlic and marjoram and stir. Cook for one minute. Add rice and cook for two more minutes stirring often.
Add the wine and sun dried tomatoes and stir until all liquid has been absorbed. Add half the tomato-stock liquid and cook, stirring frequently until liquid has been absorbed. Add second half of tomato liquid and cook and stir until liquid has been absorbed. Add remaining 2 cups of stock ¼ cup at a time, stirring and letting liquid absorb before adding more, until all the stock has been used. (The whole process from the time the rice was added is about 30 minutes.) Test the rice for doneness. It should be al dente. Add in reserved zucchini, tomatoes, Parmesan and pepper and heat just to hot.
Remove from heat and cover pot with the lid. Let mixture sit covered for five minutes. Remove cover, stir, adjust seasoning and serve.


Beat the eggs with the black pepper in a small bowl and set aside.
In a skillet with a tight fitting cover, place over medium high heat and add one tablespoon of the olive oil.
Sauté zucchini for 2-3 minutes until slightly browned but not cooked through. Remove to a plate and set aside.
Add the second tablespoon of oil and the pancetta. Cook to render fat from pancetta and cook till almost crisp.
Add onions and rice and sauté for 2 minutes stirring often. Add stock and whole thyme, cover and reduce to a simmer. Simmer covered for 15-20 minutes or until rice is cooked. Remove and discard thyme.
Remove cover and add in cooked zucchini and ham.
Move the rice mixture to the edges of the pan and add the eggs to the center and scramble with a wooden spoon until cooked. Add the Romano cheese and stir the entire mixture to combine.
Serve immediately.


