1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
½ cup celery, diced
½ cup onion, diced
¼ cup scallion bottoms, sliced (save tops)
1 cup carrots, diced
½ cup uncooked white rice
Zest from one naval orange
6 cups chicken stock, divided
2 whole eggs
¼ cup freshly squeezed orange juice
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice
Dash of your favorite hot sauce, optional
2 cups cooked chicken, broken into bite sized pieces
1 cup frozen green peas, thawed
¼ cup cilantro, chopped, plus more for garnish
Sliced scallions (green part), for garnish
In a 
Add the rice and orange zest and cook for one minute.
Reserve one cup of stock and pour the rest into the pot. Mixture will bubble.
Bring to a boil, lower heat to low, cover and cook covered for just ten minutes.
While rice is cooking, whip the two eggs until frothy and add to the cup of reserved stock.
Then add the juice from the orange, lemon and lime and stir. Set this aside.
After ten minutes, remove lid and add the cooked chicken, green peas and cilantro and heat to hot, almost boiling.
Remove from heat and ladle out a few cups of hot broth into the egg and juice mixture to temper it. Then slowly add this mixture back into the hot soup, stirring while you add.
Heat the soup just until serving temperature and remove from heat.
Add optional hot sauce if desired.
Serve with chopped cilantro and scallion tops.


3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
1 pound sweet Italian sausage, removed from the casings
1 cup leeks, whites only, cleaned of sand and diced
½ cup celery, diced small
½ cup carrots diced small
2 cups Tuscan kale, chopped (Discard ribs)
1 teaspoon dry oregano
½ teaspoon dry marjoram
3 2-tablespoon pouches Hunt's Recipe Ready Tomato Paste
1 pound dried lentils
1 14.5-ounce can Hunts Diced Tomatoes
2 quarts vegetable broth
1 teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
In a 5-6 quart Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, heat two tablespoons of the oil over medium high heat.
Once hot, add sausage meat and break up with a wooden spoon while browning, about 3-4 minutes.
Move the sausage meat to the sides and add the remaining oil along with the leeks, celery and carrots. Stir and cook until the leeks begin to soften, about 2-3 more minutes.
Add in the chopped kale and stir the entire mixture and cook to wilt the kale, about another 2 minutes.
Add in the tomato paste and stir into the mixture. Reduce to medium and cook this for 2 more minutes.
Add the lentils, diced tomatoes and the stock and raise the heat to high.
Bring to a boil, cover and lower to the lowest heat.
Cook covered for 35-45 minutes or until the lentils are soft. Be careful not to overcook the lentils. They should still have a little chew.
Season with the salt and pepper and taste. Season more if needed.
Use a small ladle or soup spoon and remove any fat that floats to the top and discard. (We removed about a half cup of fat.)
This final step is optional but advised. Puree some of the soup but not all by either placing some in a blender or use an immersion blender and puree for a few seconds. This will give the soup a nice creamy texture but still have plenty of body.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, separated
1 ½ cups chopped onions
1 cup chopped celery
1 ½ pounds ground beef (80/20)
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 14-ounce can diced tomatoes
2 quarts brown stock (see 
1 teaspoon dried thyme
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
3 ounces baby spinach
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
Salt
Pepper
Mini Pasta - bow tie, alphabet, star-shaped, etc
In a 5-quart pot or Dutch oven, sauté onions and celery in half of the olive oil over medium heat for 3-5 minutes.
Push vegetables to sides of pot, increase heat to medium high and place the rest of the olive oil in center. Add beef and break up with wooden spoon and sauté until beef is cooked.
Return to medium heat and add tomato paste. Mix in the paste and cook for one more minute.
Add diced tomato, brown stock, dried thyme and Worcestershire sauce. Bring to a boil and simmer for 30 minutes. Skim off any fat and foam that floats to the top.
Increase heat to medium high and add spinach and parmesan. Cook for five more minutes.
Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper if needed.
Cook pasta according to box directions.
Place pasta in serving bowl, ladle in soup and top with more Parmesan cheese.


5 to 6 pounds chicken parts, preferably thighs ( I had some frozen necks, backs and wing tips and added thighs and legs pieces to equal 5 ½ pounds)
2 large veal bones (veal bones are not readily available to most so I used some beef bones and a cheap cut of beef with a bone in it) (about 1 ½ pounds total)
2 large onions, peeled and halved
6 large ribs celery including leaves, cut into thirds
2 parsnips, peeled and cut into thirds
5 medium carrots, peeled and cut into thirds
2 bay leaves
1 bunch fresh flat leaf parsley with stems
2 teaspoons kosher salt
16 cups water (1 gallon)
Stock from above (do not use pre-packaged stock)
6 medium carrots (1 pound) peeled and cut julienned small enough to fit on a soup spoon
2 large scallions cut julienned small enough to fit on a soup spoon
6 parsnips (1 pound) peeled and cut julienned small enough to fit on a soup spoon
¼ cup fresh flat leaf parsley, chopped
¼ cup fresh dill fronds, chopped
2-3 high quality chicken bouillon cubes, such as Better Than Bouillon brand. (We could only find this brand in jar form so I put in about two or so teaspoons.)
The day before serving this soup, prepare the stock by placing all ingredients into a large stock pot and bringing up to heat gradually. Boil then reduce to a simmer and simmer for 8 hours. If the mixture gets too thick and it looks like it might stick, add more water. I added one more quart of water at about 6 hours. After 8 hours, strain out the stock and cool and discard all solids. Refrigerate overnight.
The next day skim off and discard the fat that floats to the top.
Place the stock in the pot along with all of the soup ingredients and bring to a boil. Simmer on a low boil for 10-15 minutes or until the vegetables are tender.
Season if needed and serve.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 pound pork stew meat (best from a pork butt)
1 pound good quality kielbasa, quartered (it gets sliced at the end of the cooking process)
¼ pound thick cut bacon, cut into half inch strips
3 cups yellow onion, diced (about one very large onion)
2 cups carrots cut into half circle slices, about ½ pound
1 pound baby bella mushrooms (cremini) sliced
3 tablespoons fresh garlic, chopped
6 cups shredded cabbage (about one small head)
1 cup red wine, such as Burgundy or merlot
3 14.4-ounce cans sauerkraut, drained
1 14.5-ounce can diced tomatoes in juice
1 quart beef broth
1½ teaspoon dry thyme
1½ teaspoon dry marjoram
1 teaspoon allspice
1 bay leaf
2 tablespoons paprika
⅛ teaspoon teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon caraway seeds
½ teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 cup pitted prunes, quartered
Rye bread for serving
In a large 5 - 6 quart Dutch oven, heat oil over high.
Pat the pork stew meat dry and fry half to sear both sides, about 4-5 minutes per batch. Remove to a bowl and reduce temperature of pot to medium high.
Add the four Kielbasa quarters and brown all sides, about five minutes. Remove to the same bowl.
Add bacon and onions and sauté for three minutes. You do not want the bacon crisp.
Add the carrots and sauté two minutes.
Add the mushrooms and garlic and sauté two minutes.
Add the cabbage and cook two minutes.
Add the wine and scrape up brown bits from the bottom, if any.
Add the drained sauerkraut, canned tomatoes, beef broth, thyme, marjoram, allspice, bay leaf, paprika and cayenne pepper.
In a mortar and pestle, place caraway seeds with the salt and pepper and crush until the seeds are fine, then add to the mixture.
Add the seared pork and Kielbasa.
Raise the heat to high then once bubbling, reduce to low and cook partially covered for 90 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure it doesn’t stick.
Remove four whole pieces of Kielbasa to your cutting board.
Remove and discard bay leaf.
Add the prunes and simmer ten minutes.
Slice the kielbasa into bite sized slices and add back to pot and serve in bowls with the rye bread.
Store leftovers in the refrigerator. Great reheated the next day.


1 pound fresh butternut squash, see note
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
½ teaspoon kosher salt
Few grinds black pepper
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 ½ cups small diced carrots
1 cup small diced onion
½ cup small diced celery
1 cup uncooked white rice
½ teaspoon dry sage
1 teaspoon dry curry powder
8 cups 
1 pound cooked turkey meat cubed (white or dark or both)
1 cup frozen peas, thawed
½ cup half and half
Salt and pepper, as needed
If using uncooked squash, preheat oven to 450 degrees F. (If using leftover cooked squash, skip to step 3.)
Peel and seed the squash, cut in half top to bottom, brush with oil, salt and pepper and roast on a foil lined pan until soft, about 45 minutes to an hour.
Once the squash is soft, place in food processor with a cup or two of the turkey stock and puree until smooth.
In a five quart soup pot, heat oil over medium high heat and add carrots, onion and celery and sauté for four minutes.
Add rice and sauté two minutes.
Add sage and curry and stir.
Add remaining turkey stock and bring to a boil.
Lower to a low simmer and cook until the rice is tender, about 12-15 minutes.
Add the cooked turkey and peas and heat just to hot.
Remove from heat and add in the half and half, taste for seasoning and adjust as needed.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
¼ cup shallots, chopped
½ cup Vidalia onions, chopped, or other sweet onion
1½ cups fennel, chopped (white bulb only and core removed) save fronds for garnish
1 baking apple such as Honeycrisp, Jonathans, Granny Smith or Jonagolds, peeled, cored and diced
½ cup celery, minced small
2 tablespoons dry sherry
5 cups prepared 
1 ½ cups carrots, peeled and cut into bite sized pieces
3 cups cooked turkey meat, cut into bite sized pieces
2 teaspoons fennel seeds
2 ½ tablespoons butter
2 ½ tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon celery salt
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
½ cup sour cream
½ cup light cream or half-and-half
In a large non-stick pot, heat oil over medium high heat and add shallots, onions, fennel, apple and celery. Cook for five minutes stirring occasionally.
Add sherry and cook to evaporate.
Add stock and bring to a boil. Cook for about 10-15 minutes until vegetables are completely tender.
Using an immersion blender, puree until smooth and return to a medium heat.
Add carrots and turkey and simmer until carrots are tender, about another ten minutes. Stir often so that the mixture does not stick.
Alternatively, if you do not have a non-stick pot, cook carrots in a separate pan with water, drain and add with turkey to pureed mixture.
While carrots are cooking, toast fennel seeds in a dry pan over medium heat until browned. Remove from heat and remove from the pan into a small bowl. Set aside.
In a small sauce pan, melt butter and add flour. Cook over medium heat for five minutes stirring often. Set aside.
Once carrots are tender, add lemon juice, toasted fennel seeds and the cooked butter and flour mixture.
Bring to hot and stir.
Remove from heat and add in the sour cream and half and half.
Stir, adjust seasoning and serve with fennel fronds on top of each bowl of soup.


4 Russet potatoes, about 3½ pounds
8 slices bacon, approximately ½ pound
4 tablespoons butter
1½ cups diced sweet onion, such as Vidalia
¾ cup celery, diced
1 ½ tablespoons fresh garlic, minced
1 ½ teaspoons kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
¼ teaspoon dry thyme
3 tablespoons flour
2 cups vegetable stock
2 cups whole milk
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
Few shakes Tabasco sauce
2 cups light cream
½ cup light oil such as canola
2 cups yellow cheddar cheese, shredded
1 pint sour cream
Scallion tops sliced, for garnish
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F and bake two of the four potatoes for one hour or until tender. Remove to cool slightly. Peel the remaining two potatoes and dice into bite sized pieces.
In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, cook bacon until crisp. Remove bacon, crumble and reserve for topping. Remove bacon fat but reserve two tablespoons in the pan. Save or discard the remaining fat.
Add the butter to the bacon fat and set heat to medium high.
Add the onions and celery and sauté for five minutes.
Add garlic, salt, pepper and thyme and sauté for one minute.
Add flour and reduce heat to medium. Cook stirring often for two minutes.
Add the stock one cup at a time, stirring with a wooden spoon.
Add diced raw potatoes.
Add whole milk as well as Worcestershire and Tabasco sauce.
Simmer over medium heat until the vegetables are tender, about ten to fifteen more minutes, stirring often.
Cut the two baked potatoes in half the long way and scoop out the potato from the skin and add to the soup. These skins will be fried later and served with the soup so leave a little of the potato with the skin. Cut the skin again lengthwise to get eight strips per potato, 16 total hearty strips. Set those aside.
Remove half of the soup and puree, then add back into the soup pot. Or remove half and using an immersion blender, puree the soup in the pot then add the other half back in. Basically you need to puree half the soup.
Add the cream and remove from the heat.
In a cast iron skillet, heat the light oil to 350 degrees F and fry the potato skins until crisp, transferring to a paper towel to drain.
To serve, place hot soup into each bowl, top with cheddar, sour cream, reserved bacon, sliced scallion tops and potato skins on the side.


3 acorn squash, about 4 ½ pounds
1 teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon white pepper
¼ teaspoon allspice
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 cup shallots, chopped
½ cup sweet onion, diced (such as Vidalia)
1 tablespoon garlic, minced
1 peeled and cored ripe Bosc pear, chopped
½ teaspoon grated fresh ginger
1 ½ teaspoon fresh sage minced, about 2-3 leaves
Pinch Cayenne pepper
Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg
¼ cup brandy
3 cups vegetable stock
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
Chopped crystallized ginger
Fried sage leaves (small leaves work best)
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Snap the stem off each squash and when inverted, if the squash does not sit flat, trim a little off until it does. Do this for the bottom as well. Cut each squash in half on the horizon and remove and discard seeds.
Line a 9x13-inch pan with foil and place each squash half face up. Divide salt, pepper, allspice and butter between the six halves.
Cover the pan with foil and bake until almost fork tender, about one hour. The squash should be almost tender. The flesh will be removed in another step and cooked further.
While squash are baking, in a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, heat olive oil over medium high heat and add shallots and onion. Cook until tender and translucent, about five minutes. Lower temperature if they start to get too browned.
Add garlic, pear, ginger, sage, cayenne and nutmeg and cook for two minutes.
Add brandy and cook until the brandy has evaporated. Add stock and Worcestershire sauce and remove from heat until the squash has finished baking.
Once the squash is cooked, pour butter that pooled in each squash into the pot. Cool the squash until it can be handled and remove all flesh from the skin and add to the pot. Discard skins.
Heat the pot to a simmer and cook for about 15 minutes or until squash is tender.
Using an immersion blender, puree to smooth.
If you are using the optional garnishes, fry the sage leaves in a thin sheen of hot oil on both sides to crisp and remove to a paper towel. Mince the candied ginger then sprinkle both on top of each serving.


4 pounds meaty ham bone
4 cups onion, large dice
4 cups celery, large dice
4 cups carrot, large dice
4 sprigs fresh parsley with stems
2 bay leaves
2 ½ quarts water
4 whole pepper corns
Ham stock from above, about 1½ - 2 quarts
1 quart vegetable stock
1 tablespoon olive oil
8 slices bacon, diced
1 ½ cups leeks, white only, cleaned of sand and diced
1 cup celery, small dice, about two large stalks
2½ cups carrots, one inch dice
2 tablespoons fresh garlic, minced
2 teaspoons dry thyme
3 bay leaves
1 Roma tomato, seeded and diced
8 ounces Parmesan cheese rinds, optional (we save them in the freezer for soups)
1 ½ pounds russet potatoes, peeled and diced into bite sized pieces
1 head Tuscan kale, cleaned from ribs and cut up
2 cups frozen kernel corn
1 15.5-ounce can small white beans, drained and rinsed
1½ pounds leftover ham from bone diced (or purchase a deli ham steak and dice)
1 cup light cream
Start by making the stock. Add all stock ingredients to a pot and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook uncovered for two hours. Strain stock and pick meat from bone. Discard the rest. This step can be done in advance and the stock frozen until needed. Cool and freeze in zip lock gallon bags.
Mix ham stock with vegetable stock and heat. Taste and adjust seasoning, but salt only if needed.
In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed soup pot, heat oil over medium high heat and add bacon. Cook for 7-8 minutes until just short of crispy.
Add leeks, celery and carrots and cook for five minutes.
Add garlic and cook one minute.
Add stock, thyme, bay leaves, tomato and optional Parmesan rinds. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer.
Simmer uncovered for about 15 minutes or until vegetables are just short of tender.
Add potatoes and kale and bring back to a boil then simmer until tender, about five minutes.
Add corn, beans and diced ham and simmer five minutes.
Stir in cream and remove from heat.
Pick out bay leaves and Parmesan rinds and discard. Serve immediately.


2 dozen fresh Matunuck Oysters (see note above)
4 tablespoons butter, divided
¼ cup shallots, finely minced
3 large or 4 small whole sprigs fresh rosemary
4 cups heavy cream
2 cups light cream
1 cup peeled sweet potato, diced into small pieces
1 cup peeled parsnips, diced into small pieces
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon Tabasco sauce
½ teaspoon kosher salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Oyster crackers to serve with the stew, optional
Using a towel and shucking knife, shuck oysters over a bowl, retaining the liquid that comes out of the shell. Reserve oysters in a second bowl picking out any bits of shell that may have broken off.
In a medium sauce pan, heat two tablespoons of butter over medium heat and add shallots and whole sprigs of rosemary.
Cook over medium for 10-15 minutes until shallots are caramelized.
Add heavy and light cream, bring to a slight simmer and cook 10 more minutes, never letting the mixture boil. Use a thermometer and don’t let the temperature rise above 170 degrees F. If it does, remove from the heat to bring the temperature down.
Place a fine mesh strainer over a bowl and strain the cream mixture. Discard the solids.
In a medium soup pot, melt the remaining butter over medium heat and add the potatoes and parsnips. Stir and cook for five to ten minutes or until the vegetables are tender but not over cooked.
Add flour and stir with a wooden spoon and cook over medium low for three minutes.
Slowly add the cream mixture, stirring as you add and return to a slow simmer.
Add Worcestershire sauce, Tabasco sauce, salt and pepper and stir.
Pour the oyster liquor through a strainer and into the stew, stopping just as you get to the sediment at the bottom of the bowl. Discard that sediment.
Bring the mixture to a slow simmer and taste. Season as needed. (I can tell you that Chef Jeff Cruff developed this recipe to be perfectly seasoned as is.)
One minute before serving, add shucked oysters, simmer one minute then serve immediately with oyster crackers.


2 tablespoons clarified butter
8 ounces button mushrooms, sliced
¼ cup extra virgin olive oil
1 pound onion, cut into medium dice
1 pound carrots, cut into medium dice
4 ounces celery, cut into medium dice
1 ½ tablespoons fresh garlic, minced
4 ounces fresh green beans, cut into bite sized pieces
8 ounces green cabbage, cut into medium dice
1 pound other vegetables you’d like (We peeled and diced broccoli stems along some golden beets and a few leftover assorted vegetables I had in the refrigerator. Feel free to use any vegetable you wish that totals one pound)
1 pound plum tomatoes seeded, see note below
3 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped and divided
3 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped and divided
3 quarts vegetable broth
8 ounces sweet potato, diced into bite sized pieces
8 ounces zucchini, diced into bite sized pieces
4 ounces fresh baby spinach
Parmesan cheese and olive oil to serve with soup (optional, cheese is not Whole30)
In a large 8 quart heavy bottomed stock pot, heat butter over high heat and add mushrooms. Cook five minutes then remove to a bowl and set aside.
Reduce heat to medium high and add oil. Once hot, add onion, carrots and celery plus any “other” vegetables that take longer to cook.
Cook this mixture for five minutes.
Add garlic, green beans and cabbage and cook for another five minutes.
Add tomatoes, 2 tablespoons of the basil, 2 tablespoons of the parsley and the cooked mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes.
Add broth, bring to a boil and lower heat to a fast simmer. Simmer for five minutes.
Taste and only add salt and pepper if needed. I did not as the purchased stock was well seasoned.
Add sweet potatoes, zucchini and any “other” vegetables that do not require long cooking times.
Bring back to a fast simmer and cook 3-5 minutes or until sweet potatoes are tender.
Remove from heat and stir in baby spinach and the remaining fresh basil and parsley.
Serve immediately with grated Parmesan cheese over the top and a drizzle of olive oil or refrigerate and reheat as needed.


½ cup plus 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
½ pound organic zucchini, cut into bite sized pieces
2 cups diced onion
2 tablespoons minced garlic
1 stalk organic celery with leaves, diced
½ cup celery root diced
½ cup white turnip diced, about one small turnip (AKA purple turnip)
4 cups diced mixed organic bell peppers (green, red, orange and yellow)
1 medium organic jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and minced fine
1 pound ground beef (to be Whole30 compliant, should be grass fed or grass finished ground beef)
1 pound ground pork (to be Whole30 compliant should be organic ground pork)
1 teaspoon fennel seeds
1 14.5-ounce can organic fire roasted tomatoes (to be Whole30 compliant, only ingredients should be tomatoes and salt)
1 28-ounce can Cento kitchen ready tomatoes (to be Whole30 compliant, only ingredients should be tomatoes and salt)
3 tablespoons tomato paste (to be Whole30 complaint, only ingredients should be tomatoes and salt)
1 pound organic plum tomatoes, cored and diced
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon dry basil
1 tablespoon dry oregano
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 ½ teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
½ cup chopped fresh cilantro
1 can pitted black olives sliced, to use as garnish
1 small bunch organic scallions minced for garnish
Set a large Dutch oven on the stove but do not heat yet. Have a 
On an adjoining burner, heat a very large skillet over medium high heat and add ½ cup of the olive oil.
Add zucchini and cook for four minutes, turning with a wooden spoon. With the strainer or spider, move the zucchini to the Dutch oven but do not add heat yet.
Keep the skillet hot and add onions, garlic, celery, celery root and turnip.
Cook for three minutes and add bell peppers and jalapeno.
Cook for two more minutes and pour mixture into pot with zucchini.
Add remaining oil to skillet and once hot, add ground beef, ground pork and fennel seeds. Break apart with a wooden spoon and cook until all pink is gone.
While beef is cooking, add both cans of tomatoes to Dutch oven along with tomato paste, fresh tomatoes, chili powder, cumin, basil, oregano, salt and pepper.
Place a 
Once beef and pork are cooked, add to the Dutch oven including all fat and liquid from the skillet. Stir into other ingredients.
Once the mixture starts to bubble fast, lower to a medium simmer and cook for 30 minutes uncovered stirring occasionally.
After 30 minutes, stir in chopped cilantro and serve with garnishes of sliced olives and chopped scallions.


2 quarts 
8 ounces bok choy or baby bok choy
6 ounces sliced shiitake mushrooms (I bought them sliced)
1 bunch scallions, chopped (both green and white parts, roots removed)
1 cup frozen peas
12 ounces fresh tortellini (any kind)
Place stock in a large pot.
If using baby bok choy, cut into bite sized pieces and place all in with stock. If using regular bok choy, cut leaves and a little of the tops of the stalks into bite sized pieces. Discard bottoms or save for another recipe.
Place remaining ingredients into the pot and bring to a boil. Boil gently for three minutes, then turn off heat.
Let sit for five minutes, then serve. (Told you it was simple.)


3-4 pounds of meaty pork ribs such as country style ribs
6 ounces 
1 ½ cups onion, about one large onion
¼ cup all-purpose flour
1 pound fresh sauerkraut with juice (found in the refrigerated section of most supermarkets)
1 medium head of cabbage, shredded (about 1½ - 2 pounds)
2 14½-ounce cans of stewed tomatoes
1 tablespoon caraway seeds
1 teaspoon salt
4 pounds all-purpose potatoes
Rye bread and butter
Place pork ribs in a large 8 quart heavy pot and cover the ribs with water almost to the top. Bring to a boil uncovered, lower to a fast simmer (low boil) and cook for 45 minutes, skimming off foam as they start to boil. Shut off burner and let them sit in the water for 15 minutes.
While the pork is cooking, in a medium frying pan, cook the 
Once cooked, remove ribs from the pot and let cool. Save the liquid in the pot.
To the pot of liquid, add the sauerkraut and juice, shredded cabbage, stewed tomatoes, caraway seeds and salt as well as the cooked salt pork and onion mixture.
Cook over medium high heat until cabbage is cooked, approximately 30-35 minutes. While the cabbage mixture is cooking, remove the meat from the bones, shredding the meat into bite-sized pieces. Return the cooked pork to the pot once the cabbage is tender and heat to serving temperature.
Peel and quarter potatoes and place in cold sated water while cabbage mixture is cooking. Bring to a boil and over a medium boil, cook potatoes for 5-10 minutes or until tender. Drain water and cool potatoes to room temperature. Once the cabbage mixture has finished cooking, cut cooked potatoes into bite sized pieces and either add to the finished cabbage dish or serve on the side. (cooking in quarters and cutting after the fact will make them more firm and less mushy since less of the surface touched the boiling water.
Serve with rye bread and butter for a traditional Polish meal.


4 tablespoons butter
4 tablespoons chicken fat - or use 4 additional tablespoons (8 total including the amount above) of butter
1 ¼ cup onions, diced
1 cup carrots, diced
1 cup celery, diced
1 teaspoon kosher salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
¼ teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg
½ teaspoon dry mustard
1 teaspoon dry thyme
1 tablespoon dry parsley
2 tablespoons vermouth or white wine
½ cup all-purpose flour
4 cups chicken stock, heated (
2 ½ cups shredded cooked chicken (
In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot over medium high heat, melt butter and chicken fat (or all butter if not using chicken fat) and add onions, carrots, celery, salt, pepper, nutmeg, mustard, thyme and parsley and cook for 10 minutes, stirring often.
Add vermouth or wine and cook just to evaporate wine.
Reduce heat to medium and add flour and stir with a wooden spoon to combine. Cook for three minutes stirring often.
Add stock in three pours using a whip to mix during each pour.
At this point, the mixture will be too thick to cook directly over a burner so defuse the heat with a 
Using an 
To serve as cream of chicken soup, add enough whole milk or light cream or both to reach desired consistency.
Or use as-is in recipes calling for condensed cream of chicken soup.
Or freeze in zip lock bags. The mixture freezes very well as long as you have squeezed all of the air out before zipping up the bag and have not yet added milk or cream. Just thaw as needed for recipes calling for condensed cream of chicken soup.


1½ pounds veal stew meat (*See note above)
1 cup all-purpose flour, divided
1 teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more if needed
1 cup diced fennel (white bulb end), about one small head
1 tablespoon garlic minced
½ pound cipollini onions, or small boiling onions cleaned of stems and skins. (If large cut in half.)
1 pound large Portobello mushroom caps cut into one inch pieces (use the large mushroom caps and not the baby portabella)
1 ½ cups merlot wine
1 ½ cups chicken or vegetable stock
½ pound fresh Roma or San Marzano plum tomatoes dice fine
1 14.5-ounce can stewed tomatoes, large pieces cut into bite sized chunks
1 bay leaf
1 teaspoon dry oregano
1 teaspoon dry basil
½ teaspoon fennel seeds
Salt and pepper to taste
1½ teaspoons balsamic vinegar
Dredge the veal pieces in a half cup of the flour, salt and pepper.
Heat a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven over medium high and add the three tablespoons of oil. Once smoking hot, add veal and sear in two batches. Remove seared meat to a bowl.
Add more oil if needed and add diced fennel, garlic, cipolinni onions and mushrooms. Saute for five minutes to brown.
Reduce to medium and add remaining half cup of flour and stir with a wooden spoon for about a minute.
Add merlot and stir to combine, scraping pan bottom.
Increase heat to high and add stock, fresh tomatoes, stewed tomatoes, bay leaf, oregano, basil and fennel seeds. Bring to a boil then reduce to low.
The mixture will be thick and may stick unless you use a 
Once the meat is tender, taste for salt and pepper and after adjusting seasoning, add balsamic vinegar and stir. Discard bay leaf and serve.




2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 ounces pancetta, diced
20 slices pepperoni cut into quarters
1 cup onion, chopped
1 cup green bell pepper, diced
1 cup fennel, bulb only chopped
1 ½ teaspoons diced fresh red chili pepper (I used one red jalapeno)
2 tablespoons fresh garlic, minced
1 pound hot Italian sausage, removed from casing
1 ½ pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bite sized pieces
1 28-ounce can ground peeled tomatoes (we used Cento brand)
1 6-ounce can tomato paste
½ cup sliced pepperoncini drained
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon cumin
1 tablespoon dry oregano
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
1 ½ cups frozen corn kernels
4 plum tomatoes seeded and roughly chopped
½ cup fresh basil chopped, divided
Sour cream for garnish
In a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium high heat and add pancetta and pepperoni. Cook stirring often for 3 minutes or until pancetta is crisp. If getting too browned, lower heat to medium.
Add onion, green pepper, fennel, and chili pepper and cook five minutes over medium high heat.
Add garlic and sausage meat and cook until browned, about 5-10 minutes.
Add chicken pieces and cook for 5-10 more minutes or until cooked through and no longer pink.
Add canned tomato, tomato paste, pepperoncini, chili powder, cumin, oregano and vinegar.
Bring to a simmer, cover partially and lower heat to a slow simmer and cook 30 minutes.
Add frozen corn and fresh tomatoes and cook just to heat, about five minutes.
Stir in fresh basil (saving some for garnish) and serve with a dollop of sour cream and additional basil.


1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
4 tablespoons butter
½ cup onions, chopped
1 tablespoon fresh garlic, minced
8 ounce package baby bella mushrooms, sliced thin
1 teaspoon kosher salt
¼ teaspoon white pepper
¼ teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg
1 teaspoon dry thyme
2 teaspoons dry parsley flakes
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup vegetable stock
½ cup half-and-half or light cream
In a non-stick medium sauce pan, heat oil and butter over medium heat and add onions and garlic. Sauté for five minutes just until the onions start to brown.
Add mushrooms, salt, pepper, nutmeg, thyme and parsley. Sauté for five more minutes.
Add flour and stir and cook for three minutes.
Add stock and stir until bubbly.
Remove from heat and stir in cream.
This mixture can now be used in a variety of recipes that call for canned cream of mushroom soup. To use just as soup, add enough milk to yield a creamy soup consistency.


½ cup butter (one stick)
1 cup onions, diced
1 cup leeks, diced (white part only and cleaned of all sand)
1 cup celery, diced
1 cup carrots, peeled and diced
1 cup new red potatoes, peeled and diced
¼ cup all-purpose flour
½ teaspoon celery salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
¼ teaspoon dry sage
1 teaspoon dry thyme
¼ cup vermouth or dry white wine
5 cups 
4 cups cooked turkey meat, diced
¼ cup half and half or light cream
In a large pot, melt butter and add onions, leeks, celery, carrots and potatoes. Sauté vegetables over medium high heat for five to ten minutes or until almost tender.
Reduce to medium and add flour, salt, pepper, sage and thyme. Cook for five minutes stirring with a wooden spoon and being careful that the mixture does not stick.
Add vermouth and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan.
Add stock, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook for 10-15 minutes until the vegetables are tender and soft.
Using an 
Add turkey and heat to hot. Add cream and serve.


3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
1 tablespoon fresh sage, finely minced
½ pound carrots peeled and cut into bite sized pieces
2 pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into small bite sized pieces
½ teaspoon kosher salt
Few grinds black pepper
2 tablespoons butter
1 ½ pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts or thighs (or both), all fat removed and cut into bite sized pieces
2 cups onion, diced
1 cup celery diced
1 tablespoon minced garlic
2 tablespoons flour
2 14.5-ounce cans chicken stock
1 pound all purpose potatoes, peeled and cut into bite sized pieces
1 14.5-ounce can kernel corn with liquid
¼ teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
Few shakes of Tabasco sauce
2 cups half and half cream
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.
Toss one tablespoon of the oil in a small bowl with the sage and carrots and pour out onto a sheet pan. Roast for ten minutes.
Place squash and another tablespoon of oil along with salt and pepper to the small bowl and pour out onto the carrots and flip with a spatula to mix.
Roast for ten more minutes.
Remove from oven and set aside.
While vegetables are roasting, in a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, heat the remaining tablespoon of oil with the butter over medium high heat.
Once the fat is hot, add about a third of the chicken and cook about five minutes to brown and cook through. Remove to a bowl and cook the another third then finally the last third, adding to the bowl after each batch. Set aside. The chicken should be fully cooked through at this step.
Turn the heat to medium and add the onions and celery. Cook, stirring often until the onions are translucent, about five to ten minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute.
Add flour and cook for two more minutes, stirring often.
Add stock and stir with a wooden spoon.
Bring to a boil and add potatoes along with roasted vegetables and all pan drippings. Cook for 5-10 minutes until vegetables are tender, stirring often to make sure the ingredients don't stick to the pan bottom.
Add corn with juice along with Worcestershire and Tabasco sauces.
Add cooked chicken with any liquid that collected in the bowl, stir and add all of the half and half cream.
Taste and adjust seasoning and bring just to serving temperature.


1 tablespoon olive oil
½ pound thick cut bacon, diced
2 cups onion, diced
1 ½ tablespoons fresh garlic, minced
3-4 pound pork butt, cut into two-inch cubes
1 teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 cups white wine
½ pound carrots
2 Gala apples cored, skins left on and cut up into chunks (or any hard apple but not Granny Smith) *See note
2 cups any jarred apple sauce (sweetened or unsweetened – doesn’t matter)
2 14.5-ounce cans chicken stock, divided
3 bay leaves
1 pound new red potatoes, peeled and cut into bite-sized pieces
1 pound peeled butternut squash, cut into bite-sized pieces
In a large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, place olive oil and bacon and cook over medium high for 8-10 minutes until the bacon is crispy.
Add the onions and lower heat to medium low and cook for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Add garlic and cook for one minute.
With a slotted spoon or spider, remove bacon and onion mixture to a large bowl.
Lay pork pieces out and salt and pepper both sides.
Heat the pot with the bacon fat to medium high and once hot, sear meat in three or four batches. Do not over crowd pan and sear each side for three to four minutes. Remove to bowl with bacon and onions as you sear each batch. The searing process should take 30-40 minutes total. Don’t rush this step; just make sure each piece is nice and golden brown.
Once the last batch is done, pour the bowl back in the pot and add the white wine. Stir to get all brown bits from bottom of pot.
Add carrots, apples, apple sauce, one can of stock and bay leaves. Bring to boil, lower to a simmer, and place cover partially on. Simmer for two hours, stirring occasionally.
After two hours, add second can of stock and the potatoes and bring to a rolling simmer. Cook five minutes then add squash and cook for an additional 15 minutes. (Be careful at this point as the mixture will be thick and if not watched, may stick and burn). The pork is very tender so as you stir, try not to break the meat up too much.
Once the potatoes and squash are cooked, serve stew in bowls.


2 lobsters (about 1 ½ pounds each)
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 medium carrot chopped
½ large onion, roughly diced
1 stalk celery chopped
1 medium garlic clove, crushed
2 teaspoons kosher salt
2 whole peppercorns
1 large sprig fresh thyme
2 stalks fresh parsley
2 tablespoons tomato paste
½ teaspoon Old Bay seasoning
2 bay leaves
2 quarts water
2 tablespoons butter
1 cup diced salt pork
1 cup onion, diced
½ cup celery, diced
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley
¼ cup flour
5 cups lobster stock, from above
2 cups skin-on new red potatoes cut into bite-sized pieces
2 ears fresh corn removed from cob, or two cups frozen corn
Lobster meat from above
1 cup half and half cream
Salt and pepper to taste
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and plunge in live lobsters. Boil for 12 minutes then remove to an ice bath.
Once lobsters are cool enough to touch, remove meat from claws and tail draining any liquid from the lobsters into a bowl. Cut the meat into bite sized pieces, add to the bowl with the liquid and refrigerate until later in recipe.
Open up body cavities and rinse out any of the green tomalley if present.
Place all shells and body on a large cutting board, cover with a dish towel and break and crush the shells with a rolling pin or mallet. Alternatively you can place everything in a food processor and pulse a few times to break up the shells but the cutting board method is easier, for me anyway.
Take the pot you cooked the lobsters in and wipe dry with a paper towel and heat oil over medium high heat.
Add crushed lobster shells, carrots, onions, celery, garlic, salt, peppercorns, thyme and parsley and cook for 15 minutes stirring often so it doesn’t stick.
Add tomato paste, old bay and bay leaves and cook for five more minutes stirring often.
Add water, bring to a boil and simmer for one hour or until reduced to five cups of liquid. Discard all solids. Set the stock aside.
In a medium pot, melt butter and add salt pork. Cook over medium high until slightly browned. Add onions, celery, thyme and parsley and cook for three minutes.
Lower heat to medium and add flour. Stir and cook for three minutes.
Whisk in the lobster stock, increase heat and add potatoes. Cook ten minutes or until potatoes are tender.
Add corn and heat to hot.
Add cooked lobster meat with any liquid along with half and half and heat to hot but do not boil.
Adjust seasonings and serve.


4 cups beef broth
2 cups vegetable broth
1½ pounds new red potatoes, peeled and sliced into bite-sized slices
2 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 cup whole milk
2 egg yolks
2 cups shredded dill pickles (shred on large holes of a grater)
⅔ cup pickle liquid
In a medium to large pot, heat both broths and add potatoes. Cook until potatoes are just about tender and remove to a bowl using a spider or strainer. Set potatoes aside but keep broth hot.
In a larger pot, melt butter over medium heat and add flour. Cook for three minutes.
Add hot broth one third at a time, whipping each third to combine.
In a medium bowl, mix milk with egg yolks to combine. Temper this egg mixture by adding ladles full of broth into the egg mixture, whipping each time until the egg mixture is hot, then add back into the pot.
Add pickles, cooked potatoes and pickle juice and heat just to serving temperature but do not boil.
Garnish with uncooked pickle slices, optional.


4 pounds Blue Hubbard squash or pumpkin (for 4 pounds of usable squash you should look to purchase about 6 pounds of skin-on squash since about one third of the weight will be skin)
¼ cup extra virgin olive oil
1 ½ teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
4 tablespoons butter
4 whole garlic cloves, peeled
2 cups onion, chopped
2 ribs celery, chopped
2 cups carrots, sliced
6 cups chicken or vegetable stock
½ teaspoon dry sage
½ teaspoon ground nutmeg
½ cup brown sugar
½ cup grated Parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish
½ cup cream sherry
Kosher salt to taste
Freshly ground black pepper to taste
2 14.5-ounce cans rinsed cannellini beans, some reserved for garnish
Roasted pumpkin seeds for garnish
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.
Dice the squash or pumpkin into ¾ inch pieces. Place six cups in a medium bowl and reserve the rest.
Top the squash in the bowl with the oil, salt and pepper and toss to coat. Pour out onto a sheet pan and roast for 20 minutes or until tender. Reserve for later.
While squash is roasting, melt butter in a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven and add garlic, onions, celery and carrots and sauté over medium high for five minutes. Add reserved raw squash and sauté for another five minutes.
Add stock, sage, and nutmeg and bring to a boil. Reduce to a fast simmer and cook for 40 minutes, making sure it does not stick to the bottom while cooking.
Remove from heat and add brown sugar, Parmesan cheese and sherry and with an emersion blender, puree until smooth. Alternatively puree in batches in a blender.
Taste for salt and pepper and season if needed.
Reserve some of the cannellini beans for garnish and place the rest into the pureed soup along with the roasted squash.
To serve, ladle into bowls and top each bowl with a few cannellini beans, a few roasted pumpkin seeds and a little grated Parmesan cheese.


½ cup extra virgin olive oil, plus ¼ cup more only if needed
2 zucchini, cut into ½-inch dice (approximately 1⅓ pounds)
2 onions, cut into ½-inch dice (approximately 2 ½ cups)
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped (approximately 3 tablespoons)
2 large red peppers, cut into ½-inch dice (approximately 2 ½ cups)
1 28-ounce can ground, peeled tomatoes (Pastene or Cento brands)
1 14.5 ounce can diced tomatoes
1 pound fresh, ripe plum tomatoes, cut into 1-inch dice
1½ to 2 tablespoons chili powder
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon dried basil
1 tablespoon dried oregano
2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon fennel seeds
½ cup chopped fresh Italian flat-leaf parsley
1 15-ounce can dark red kidney beans, drained
1 15.5-ounce can garbanzo beans (chick peas), drained
¼ cup chopped fresh dill
2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
1 cup sour cream
2 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese
4 scallions, sliced on the diagonal (white and green parts)
In a large skillet over medium high heat, heat the olive oil. Add the diced zucchini and sauté 5 to 7 minutes or until just tender. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the zucchini to a large, heavy-bottomed dutch oven.
In the same skillet you used to sauté the zucchini (there should be enough oil remaining in the pan, but if not add up to ¼ cup more olive oil) sauté onions, garlic and bell peppers for about 10 minutes or until just wilted. Pour the entire mixture into the dutch oven with the zucchini.
Heat the dutch oven over low heat and add both kinds of canned tomatoes (including juices), fresh tomatoes, chili powder, cumin, basil, oregano, black pepper, salt, fennel seeds and fresh chopped parsley. Simmer uncovered for about 30 minutes, stirring frequently to avoid any sticking on the bottom of the pan.
After the 30 mintues are up, add the kidney beans, garbanzo beans, chopped dill and lemon juice and cook for another 15 minutes. Stir well and adjust seasonings as needed to suit your tastes.
Serve hot with sour cream, shredded Monterey Jack cheese and sliced scallions sprinkled on top.


6 ears fresh corn on the cob (sweet butter and sugar corn if available)
4 tablespoons butter
1 cup Vidalia onion or other sweet onion, diced
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger
1 teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3 cups vegetable stock
2 cups water
1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into small bite sized pieces
½ teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 pint heavy cream
Husk corn and remove all of the silk. Using a sharp knife, remove corn kernels and set aside. (
In a five quart pan over medium heat, place butter, onions, garlic, ginger, salt, pepper and cut corn kernels. Sauté for ten minutes stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and take half of the mixture out and place in a bowl and set aside.
Add the cobs, stock and water to the pot with half the cooked corn kernels and simmer on medium high for about 15-20 minutes or until there is about 2 cups of liquid left. (Add more water or stock if too much liquid cooked off)
Remove from heat again, pick out cobs with tongs and discard cobs.
Place cut sweet potatoes into the mixture and cook over medium high until tender, about 5-10 minutes. Remove from heat, add reserved corn, Worcestershire sauce and heavy cream.
Bring just up to serving temperature but do not boil. Adjust seasonings as needed and serve.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons butter
½ cup leeks, white part cleaned of all sand and diced
1 cup sweet onion diced, such as Vidalia
½ cup fresh fennel bulb, diced (if fennel is not available, add one teaspoon crushed aniseed when sautéing onions and leeks)
1 tablespoon garlic, minced
¼ cup Vermouth or dry white wine
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 cups clam juice (2 8-ounce bottles)
1 ½ cups vegetable stock
1 28-ounce can crushed tomatoes (We like Pastene San Marzano)
1 teaspoon kosher or sea salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
¼ cup fresh Italian flat leaf parsley chopped
6 tablespoons fresh basil, divided
Pinch red pepper flakes
½ pound fresh zucchini quartered the long way then sliced into bite sized pieces
1 cup fresh or frozen corn kernels
1 pound firm white fish cut into large chunks (halibut, mahi-mahi, catfish, etc.)
In a large heavy bottomed Dutch oven, melt butter in oil over medium heat and add leeks, onion, fennel and garlic. Sauté for about four minutes or until the onions start to get soft.
Add vermouth and cook until evaporated.
Add tomato paste and cook for one minute stirring so it doesn’t stick.
Add clam juice, stock, tomatoes, salt, pepper, parsley, half the basil, red pepper flakes, zucchini and corn and cook until zucchini is tender, about 5-8 minutes.
Add remaining basil and fish and stir just to incorporate. Heat the stew just to hot then remove from burner. Try not to stir too much so the fish does not break up.
Serve with some nice crusty Italian bread.


3 pounds meaty lamb bones (we bought “bone-in lamb stew” at our local market. They looked like thick cuts taken from a lamb shank)
1 large onion peeled and quartered, about ¾ pound
¼ cup shallots peeled and roughly cut up (2 ½ ounces)
1 large rib of celery with leaves cut into quarters
2 large garlic cloves, peeled and smashed
4 whole leafy stems of parsley
3 sprigs of fresh thyme
1 large bay leaf
1 teaspoon kosher salt
6 whole black peppercorns
4 quarts water (1 gallon)
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon lamb fat, skimmed from the cooled stock
1 cup diced onion
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
8 ounce container cremini mushrooms sliced (baby bella)
6 cups lamb stock from stock above
1 16-ounce can diced tomatoes with juice
½ cup dry pearl barley
2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme
2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary
3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
Lamb meat picked from making stock (our stock yielded about a pound of meat)
Kosher salt to taste
Freshly ground black pepper to taste
Additional chopped fresh parsley, as garnish
In a large pot place lamb and cover with water. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and discard water. This will remove all impurities from the finished stock.
Place lamb back in pot with all other stock ingredients, bring to a boil then simmer for 2 ½ hours uncovered. Cool and strain. Remove meat from other solids and discard solids. You should be left with about 5 or 6 cups of stock and about a pound or so of meat. A little more or less is fine. Let fat rise to top, skim off and discard all but one tablespoon of fat. Reserve that tablespoon for the soup.
Place the tablespoon of fat back into the pot along with two tablespoons of olive oil and add onions and garlic. Cook over medium high for four minutes and add mushrooms. Cook for another 3 minutes and add stock, diced tomatoes, barley, thyme, rosemary and parsley. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce to a low simmer. Cook covered for one hour.
Remove lid and add cooked lamb and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes.
Remove from heat and taste for salt and pepper. I did not add any additional salt or pepper to mine.
Serve with chopped fresh parsley sprinkled over the top of the bowls.


2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2 inch pieces
1 large onion, cut into quarters (about one pound total)
6 cloves garlic, peeled (1½ ounces total)
4 tablespoons butter melted
½ teaspoon cracked black pepper
1 medium to large peeled Russet potato for garnish (optional)
3 cups vegetable broth (or chicken broth)
2 cups water
½ teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
2 medium sprigs fresh rosemary
1 cup heavy cream
Salt to taste
Pepper to taste
Crème Fraiche for garnish (sour cream can be substituted)
Chives chopped for garnish, see note above
Fried waffle style potatoes (optional)
Preheat oven to 425 degrees.
In a large roasting pan place potatoes, onion, garlic, butter and pepper. Place pan in oven and set timer for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, use a heavy spatula and turn potatoes. Roast for 15 more minutes. Turn again and cook for an additional 10-15 minutes being careful that nothing burns or sticks to bottom. Add a little more butter if needed towards the end. The potatoes should be tender and the onion not quite tender.
While the potatoes are roasting, prepare the potato for garnish by cutting thin waffle slices using a mandolin. Fry in 375 degree vegetable oil and set aside to drain. This step is optional.
Remove the pan from the oven and pour in some of the broth to deglaze the pan. Using the heavy spatula scrape everything from the bottom.
Pour entire contents of pan into a large pot along with remaining broth, water, Worcestershire sauce and rosemary. Cover and bring to a boil then simmer for 25 minutes.
Remove and discard rosemary.
With an emersion blender, puree mixture until completely smooth. At this point, if the soup is thick and creamy, cook no further. If it is still a bit loose, simmer for up to 15 minutes until the mixture is very thick. Ours was perfect without the additional cooking time.
Add cream and salt and pepper to taste.
To serve, place soup in bowl and top with a dollop of Crème Fraiche. Then sprinkle the chopped chives and finish with a few cooked waffle cut fried potatoes.


3-4 pounds chicken parts (legs, thighs, wings, backs, necks, etc)
2 large celery stalks with leaves, cut into quarters
1 large or two medium leeks, white only cleaned of all sand and cut in half lengthwise
1 pound yellow onion quartered
1 whole lemon quartered
1 knob of ginger (about one ounce)
½ large bunch fresh flat leaf parsley including stems
4 each medium scallions
1 teaspoon kosher salt
4 black peppercorns
1 bay leaf
2 large garlic cloves peeled and smashed
1 gallon water
2 quarts stock from above
1 additional quart chicken stock (carton or canned)
1 cup dry orzo
4 eggs beaten
1 pound cooked chicken (picked from stock)
Juice from two lemons
Zest from two lemons
12 ounces fresh spinach
Salt and pepper, to taste
Place all stock ingredients into a large pot, bring to a boil and simmer uncovered for four hours.
Strain stock and hold. You should have about 2 quarts. Separate meat from solids. Set meat aside and discard solids.
In a large pot, add stock and additional quart of purchased stock for a total of three quarts. Bring to a boil.
Add orzo and boil on medium for ten minutes.
Use a wire whip and slowly add beaten eggs while stirring liquid so eggs form shreds in the stock. Cook for 30 seconds then add cooked chicken, lemon juice, lemon zest and fresh spinach. Bring to a boil and then remove from heat.
Adjust seasoning if needed and serve.


1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into bite sized pieces (approximately 2 pounds of bone-in and skin-on chicken thighs will yield 1 pound of useable meat)
1 teaspoon kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1½ cups diced onion
1 cup diced orange or yellow bell pepper
1 tablespoon minced garlic
½ teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon dry oregano
1½ teaspoons cumin
1 ½ teaspoons chili powder
2 bay leaves
¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro
2 14.5-ounce cans chicken stock
1 4.25-ounce can diced green chilies
1 14.5-ounce can white cannellini beans with liquid
1 14.5-ounce can red kidney beans, rinsed
1 14.5-ounce can creamed corn
1 14.5-ounce can diced potato, drained
2 tablespoons canned diced jalapeño, any stems and seeds removed
1 pint sour cream
Fresh lime juice, tortilla chips, sour cream and cilantro (optional as garnish)
Season both sides of chicken pieces with salt and pepper.
In a large heavy bottomed pot, heat oil over high.
Add half of the chicken pieces and brown thoroughly on both sides (3-4 minutes on each side). Remove to a bowl or plate and brown the second batch of chicken in the same manner. Remove that batch and add to bowl with first half.
Lower heat to medium high and add onions and bell peppers. Cook for two minutes and add garlic. Cook for 30 seconds.
Add chicken back in with any juices that accumulate along with coriander, oregano, cumin, chili powder, bay leaves, cilantro, chicken stock, chilies, white beans, red beans, creamed corn, diced potato and jalapeño.
Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer 10 minutes.
Stir in sour cream and heat to hot but not boiling.
Serve with additional sour cream, additional cilantro, tortilla chips or fresh squeezed lime juice.


2 pounds turkey legs (about three legs, no thigh)
½ fresh parsley with stems (the more stems the better)
2 medium carrots washed and cut into quarters
1 large stalk celery cut into quarters
1 leek, white only cleaned of sand and quartered
1 garlic clove smashed
2 teaspoons kosher salt
4 black peppercorns whole
1 bay leaf
2 quarts water
1 pound ground turkey
¼ cup onions, minced
1 cup bread crumbs
½ cup milk
2 eggs
2 tablespoons fresh parsley chopped
1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1 cup onions diced
½ cup celery diced
2 cups carrots, diced into bite sized pieces
1 cup leeks, white only cleaned of sand and diced
Stock from cooked turkey legs (about six cups)
1 quart additional chicken stock (carton or canned)
Cooked meatballs
5 ounces fresh spinach
½ cup dry orzo pasta
Cooked turkey meat, about one pound
1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided
In a medium stock pot, put all stock ingredients, bring to a boil, cover and simmer covered for two hours. Strain and reserve the stock. Pick meat from turkey legs and hold cooked meat until later. Discard the remaining solids.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
In a medium mixing bowl, place all meatball ingredients and mix to combine.
On a parchment lined sheet pan, scoop out 36 meatballs approximately ¾ of an ounce each. (We used a 
In a soup pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil and cook onions, celery, carrots and leeks for five minutes over medium high heat.
Add both the fresh and carton broth along with cooked meatballs and fresh spinach. Bring to a boil and simmer on medium low for five minutes. Add dry orzo, raise temperature to medium high and cook for 15 minutes until pasta is tender.
Add cooked turkey meat and half the Parmesan cheese. Bring to hot and serve in bowls with remaining Parmesan cheese and some good crusty bread.


2 cups clam juice (2 8-ounce bottles)
1½ cups vegetable broth
½ cup water
2 tablespoons butter
6 ounces pancetta, diced
2 cups sweet onion, chopped (such as Vidalia)
1 ½ cups leeks, diced (white parts cleaned of all sand)
1 cup celery, chopped
2 tablespoons fresh thyme (or 1 tablespoon dried thyme)
2 tablespoons fresh dill, chopped (or 1 tablespoon dried dill)
1 large orange pepper, cut into ½-inch dice (about one cup)
½ cup white wine
3 tablespoons flour
1 teaspoon white pepper
1 ½ teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
1 ½ pounds peeled sweet potato, cut into bite-sized cubes
1 14-ounce can creamed corn
1 14-ounce can Cannellini beans, drained and rinsed
1 ½ cups heavy cream
1 ½ pound Morey’s Smoked White Fish (1 pound after cleaned) - see note
½ pound Morey’s Smoked Skinned Salmon (1 ounce to top each serving) - see note
Dill fronds for garnish
In a medium pan, heat clam juice, vegetable broth and water until hot. Hold on low.
In a large heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, melt butter over medium high and add pancetta. Cook pancetta until crisp.
Add onion, leeks, celery, thyme and dill. Stir and cook for three minutes.
Add orange pepper and cook for an additional minute.
Add wine to deglaze and cook until wine has evaporated.
Reduce to medium and add flour. Stir and cook for two minutes over medium heat.
Add clam and vegetable broth mixture one third at a time whisking as you add each third. Add white pepper, Worcestershire sauce and sweet potato and bring mixture to a medium boil. Reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are tender, about ten minutes.
Add creamed corn and Cannellini beans and stir.
Add cream and heat just until hot but not boiling.
Add white fish and stir once, then remove from heat. Try to leave fish in large pieces.
To serve, place chowder in bowl and top with slices of smoked salmon and garnish with fresh dill.


2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
8 cups sliced onion, see note below
3 or 4 parsley stems
½ teaspoon dried thyme
½ teaspoon dried tarragon
1 bay leaf
1 tablespoon minced garlic
½ cup brandy
6 cups homemade beef stock (see 
Salt to taste
Freshly ground black pepper to taste
French bread
2 cups shredded Gruyère Swiss cheese
To slice the onions, cut off root and stem end then cut in half vertically. Cut each half in half again, cutting vertically so you have four thick slices. Now cut slices, staying with the grain, about ¼ to ½ inch thick.
In a large heavy bottomed pot such as a Dutch oven, melt butter and oil over medium low heat. Add onions and stir once. Do not touch again for 15 minutes.
After 15 minutes, stir and do not touch again for another 15 minutes.
Move heat to medium and cook 15 or more minutes until onions are nice and browned and caramelized. Watch closely at this point so they do not get too dark or stick to the bottom. Add a little water if they are sticking.
While onions are cooking, place parsley stems, dried thyme leaves, dried tarragon leaves and the bay leaf onto cheese cloth. Wrap tightly and tie with a string. Hold for later.
Add garlic to onions and cook for one minute.
Add brandy and cook to evaporate.
Add stock and herb bag. Cover loosely and simmer for 45 minutes.
Add salt and pepper as needed.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place oven proof bowls or crocks into a baking pan and pour hot tap water about half way up outsides of bowls.
Discard herb bag and divide soup between bowls or crocks. (Number of servings depends on size of your bowls or crocks. The finished soup is roughly 8 cups).
Slice French bread into half inch slices and cover the tops of each bowl, overlapping bread slices if needed.
Divide cheese between bowls by covering the tops of the bread.
Place pan with water and soup crocks in oven and cook for 20 minutes.
To get the tops browned and bubbly, place crocks under broiler for a few minutes.
Serve hot and bubbly.


Two cups cooked 
2 quarts chicken stock (home made is best but canned is acceptable)
1 pound leftover cooked turkey, white or dark or both or cooked chicken
3 whole eggs
½ teaspoon salt
¼ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided
2 tablespoons freshly Italian flat leaf parsley, chopped, plus more for garnish
Cook pasta in boiling water for ten minutes, drain but do not rinse.
Remove three tablespoons of cold stock and place in a medium bowl. In a medium pot, bring remaining stock to a boil and reduce down to 1 ½ quarts.
While stock is reducing and pasta is cooking, shred turkey with your fingers into bite sized shreds.
In the bowl with cool stock, add eggs, salt and half the Parmesan along with the chopped parsley. Beat for three minutes by hand with a whip or use an electric mixer.
Once stock has reduced, add egg mixture a little at a time while you whip stock. The eggs will separate which is what you want.
Add cooked pasta and cooked turkey and heat and simmer for five minutes.
Serve with remaining Parmesan cheese and chopped parsley.


½ cup diced pancetta
4 tablespoons butter, divided
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 cup diced onion
½ cup diced celery
1 cup diced carrots
1 quarts chicken or vegetable stock
1 ½ pounds diced pumpkin, see note
1 peeled and diced large Russet potato (1 ½ - 2 cups)
¼ cup fresh parsley chopped
¼ teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
3 tablespoons brown sugar
1 ½ teaspoons kosher salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 ½ teaspoons ground coriander
1 teaspoon garam masala
2 15-ounce cans creamed corn
1 pound frozen corn
1 15-ounce can pumpkin puree
3 tablespoons flour
2 cups heavy cream (one pint)
Optional toasted pumpkin seeds for garnish
In a large pot, heat pancetta and 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat until pancetta is crisp, five to ten minutes.
Add garlic, onions, celery and carrot and cook for five minutes.
Add stock, diced pumpkin, diced potato, chopped parsley, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, salt, pepper, coriander garam masala, creamed corn, frozen corn and pumpkin puree. Bring to a boil and simmer ten minutes or until vegetables are tender.
While soup is cooking, in a medium sauce pan, place last two tablespoons of butter and melt over medium heat. Add flour and cook for two to three minutes until raw flour smell is gone. Add a few ladles full of the soup to the cooked butter and flour and stir to form a thick mixture then pour this into the soup and stir.
Add heavy cream, stir and check for seasoning.
If you purchased raw pumpkin seeds, place them in a dry pan and heat over medium high for five or so minutes to toast.
Serve soup with toasted pumpkin seeds.


3 pounds fresh garden tomatoes, see note (or if using cans, two 28 ounce cans plum tomatoes, diced with juice)
½ cup good-quality extra virgin olive oil
2 cups diced onion
1 cup peeled and diced carrots
1 cup diced celery
1 ½ tablespoons chopped garlic
2 bay leaves
1 cup chopped fresh basil, divided
2 large sprigs thyme left whole
2 large stalks Italian flat-leaf parsley, stems left on and left whole
1 cup vegetable broth
2 5.5 ounce cans tomato juice
1 tablespoon sugar
5 tablespoons tomato paste, divided
2 teaspoons kosher salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Pinch of red pepper flakes
1 tablespoon butter
½ cup heavy cream, optional
Your favorite grilled cheese sandwich, cut into sticks for serving, also optional
If using fresh tomatoes: The skins of plum tomatoes cook down enough in this soup so that you don’t need to peel them but you do need to remove the seeds as they will make the soup bitter. The easiest method is to have two bowls, one with a strainer. If you are using plum tomatoes, nip off the end and cut in half lengthwise. Then with your thumb or index finger, scrape the seeds from each half into the bowl with the strainer. If cutting larger round tomatoes, cut out core and cut them horizontally. Then over the bowl with the strainer, reach up and scrape out all the seeds. Throw the cleaned tomatoes into the bowl without the strainer. Finally move the seeds around the strainer to get out any last bit of juice and discard seeds. Take the liquid left in the bowl and add to the tomato halves. With three pounds of tomatoes, you should end up with a little over 2 pounds of cut up tomatoes (weighed on a scale). This is equal to about six to eight cups (a little more or less is fine).
In a medium to large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, add olive oil, onions, carrots, celery, garlic and bay leaves. Cook over medium high for five minutes. Add tomato halves with juice (or canned).
Add half of the fresh cut up basil. Tie whole thyme and whole parsley together with twine and place in pot.
Add broth, tomato juice, sugar, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer, cover and cook 30 minutes.
Remove and discard bay leaves, thyme and parsley.
Add second half of basil to the soup. Stir in pepper flakes and butter. With an immersion blender, blend soup until completely pureed.
At this point, if you like it very thick, add the remaining two tablespoons of tomato paste and cook for another few minutes. If you like it thinner, omit the last two tablespoons.
Also adding cream is optional as a personal preference. We left it out.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons minced garlic (about 4 cloves)
1 cup diced onion (about 1 medium)
1½ cups sliced carrots (about ½ pound)
4 stalks celery, sliced
1 pound dry navy beans, rinsed and picked over to remove any debris
1 bay leaf (left whole)
1 teaspoon dried crushed rosemary
½ teaspoon dried thyme leaves
½ teaspoon smoked paprika
Freshly ground black pepper (15-20 cranks from a pepper mill)
6 cups water
½ cup prepared pesto (
1 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste
In a large (5-quart+) slow cooker, pour in the olive oil and tip to coat the bottom of the slow cooker insert.
Add all of the other ingredients – EXCEPT the salt and the pesto – to the slow cooker and stir to combine.
Place the lid on the slow cooker and cook on low for 8 hours.
After 8 hours, remove the lid and stir the soup. Place half of the soup into a blender and process until smooth (leave the other half in the slow cooker). Pour the pureed soup back into the slow cooker with the un-pureed soup and stir to combine.
Stir in the pesto plus 1 teaspoon salt and stir again to combine. Add additional salt and pepper to taste if desired.


1 two-pound rotisserie chicken
5 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup diced carrots
1 cup diced onion
1 cup diced celery
¼ cup chopped fresh parsley
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dried thyme
½ teaspoon garlic powder
¼ cup flour
1 quart low sodium chicken stock
1 cup frozen green peas
1 cup heavy cream
Salt as needed
2 bags Success Jasmine Rice, see note
Remove the meat from the rotisserie chicken and dice into bite sized pieces. (One two-pound cooked rotisserie chicken will yield about one pound of usable meat, equivalent to about three cups of diced cooked chicken.)
In a medium pot over medium high heat, melt butter and add carrots, onion, celery, parsley, pepper, thyme and garlic powder. Stir and cook for 5 minutes. Lower heat to medium and add flour. Stir and cook for three more minutes.
Add stock and stir with wooden spoon until combined. Add cooked chicken and stir. Reduce temperature to low.
Bring a medium pan of water to a boil and place two bags of Success rice into water and follow directions on box (or follow microwave directions on box).
When rice is almost done, heat soup back up and add peas and cream and stir. Taste and only add salt if needed. Depending on the brand of stock you buy, salt may not be needed.
Once rice is done, follow box directions to remove and drain and add rice to soup.
Stir and serve.


3 pounds chopped veal or beef bones (or a combination), plus any leftover scraps including fat and gristle
1 boiling foul including giblets
1 large carrot, peeled and chopped
1 large leek, green top removed, cleaned of sand and cut up
1 large onion, peeled and chopped
1 stalk celery chopped
Green leafy ends cut from the tops of the head of celery
3 good sized stalks of parsley including stems
1 bay leaf
1 good sized sprig of thyme
1 large tomato cut in half and seeded
1 large clove garlic peeled and smashed
4 black whole peppercorns
1 teaspoon Kosher salt
Put everything into a large stock pot and cover with water. Slowly bring to a boil, skimming off any scum that floats to the top. Lower heat to a really low simmer and cook for four hours uncovered.
Once done, strain and cool, discarding solids. When completely cool, remove fat and discard. Use immediately or freeze in zipper seal bags. Reboil when ready to use.


⅓ cup extra virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling over finished bowls
1 tablespoon minced garlic
3 pounds fresh ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped (or an equal amount of a good-quality canned whole tomato such as Cento San Marzano - about 48 ounces/6 cups or more if using canned)
½ cup roughly torn or chopped fresh basil
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon salt
4½ cups Brodo (
1 pound of really dense bread such as a French country loaf or a rustic Italian loaf, crusts removed and cut into one inch cubes
Grated Parmesano Reggiano to serve over each bowl
In a medium to large Dutch oven or heavy bottomed pot, slowly bring up the oil to a medium heat and add the garlic. Sauté for just one minute and add the tomatoes, basil and pepper. Cook for five minutes over a medium heat then add the salt.
Add the brodo, bring up to hot and cook just a few minutes longer. Add the bread, stir and cover. Cook ten minutes covered over very low heat.
Remove the soup from the heat and serve immediately with olive oil drizzled over each bowl along with freshly grated Parmesano Reggiano.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 cup chopped onions
2 tablespoons chopped garlic
1 pound chourico or linguica, removed from casings and broken up
1 6-ounce can tomato paste
8 cups chopped fresh kale (see note above)
1 quart vegetable stock
1 quart beef or chicken stock
2 quarts water
½ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon gravy color such as Kitchen Bouquet
½ cup chopped Italian parsley, optional
¼ cup chopped fresh mint, optional
4 cups large cut up green cabbage
3 cups peeled red skinned potatoes cut into ½ inch cubes
1 15-ounce can small red or kidney beans rinsed and drained
Crusty bread, for serving
In a heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, sauté onions in oil over medium high heat for three minutes. Add garlic and sauté for one minute. Add chourico and sauté for two minutes. Reduce to medium and add tomato paste and kale and sauté for five minutes, stirring frequently so it does not stick or burn.
Add stock, water, salt, pepper, bay, gravy color, optional parsley and optional mint and bring to a boil. Reduce to a fast simmer and cook for five minutes. Add cabbage and potatoes and continue to cook until tender, 5-10 minutes.
Add drained beans, bring to hot, adjust seasonings and serve with crusty bread.


1 pound Yukon gold or any yellow potato peeled and cut into bite sized pieces
1 pound parsnips, peeled and cut into bite sized pieces
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
½ pound pancetta diced into ¼ inch cubes
½ cup leeks, white part only, cleaned of all sand and diced
½ cup onions, diced
1 tablespoon fresh thyme chopped or half that of dried
¼ teaspoon salt
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
3 tablespoons flour divided
1 8-ounce bottle clam juice (1 cup)
3 cups vegetable stock
1 cup of whole milk
1 cup heavy cream
3 tablespoons butter
1 ½ pounds fresh salmon cut into 2 inch cubes
6 ounces sliced smoked salmon (optional)
Place the potatoes and the parsnips in a bowl and cover with cold water. Do not discard the water.
In a large Dutch oven, sauté pancetta in olive oil over medium heat until browned and crispy, about ten minutes. Add leeks, onions, thyme, salt and pepper and stir. Cook over medium to medium high heat for three minutes. Add one tablespoon of flour and cook for one minute.
Add clam juice and stir. Then add all of stock and measure out and add one cup of the water that the parsnips and potatoes have been sitting in. Stir to combine.
Save the rest of the potato water in case you like the chowder thinner, otherwise discard rest of water. Add the potatoes and parsnips to the pot and bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer and simmer for ten to fifteen minutes or until vegetables are tender.
While vegetables are cooking, melt butter in a small pan and once melted, add remaining two tablespoons of flour. Cook over medium heat for about three to five minutes or until the mixture no longer smells raw. (This is called a roux and should smell like cooked chestnuts when done. The longer you cook a roux, the darker the sauce or soup will be.) Set aside.
Once vegetables are tender, add the roux and stir to thicken. Then add milk and cream and bring only to hot and not boiling so the cream does not separate. Add in the raw cubed salmon and just bring to serving temperature and remove from heat. Try not to break up the salmon as you stir. If you prefer thinner chowder, add a little more of the potato water and heat to serving temperature.
To serve, top each bowl with smoked salmon (optional).




3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1½ cups large dice onion
½ cup large dice sweet red bell pepper
2 medium jalapeños, stems and seeds removed, finely diced
2 tablespoons garlic, minced
1½ teaspoons ground cumin
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon dry oregano
1½ teaspoons salt
½ teaspoons freshly ground black pepper
1½ pounds 80/20 ground beef
1 28-ounce can ground peeled tomatoes (we like Cento or Pastene)
1 14-ounce can black beans rinsed and drained
Shredded cheddar cheese, for garnish
In a medium to large heavy bottomed pot, heat olive oil over medium high heat. Add onions, bell pepper, and jalapeños and sauté for three minutes.
Add garlic, cumin, chili powder, oregano, salt and pepper. Cook for one more minute.
Add ground beef breaking beef up with wooden spoon. Cook until the beef is no longer pink.
Add tomatoes and stir. Reduce to medium low and cook uncovered for 30 minutes stirring occasionally. Add beans and bring back to serving temperature.
Add additional cumin, chili powder, salt or pepper if needed, and serve with shredded cheddar cheese on top.


1 quart vegetable stock
2 28-ounce cans ground peeled tomatoes (we like Pastene or Cento)
A few Parmesan cheese rinds, optional (will be removed after cooking)
1 large bay leaf (will be removed after cooking)
¾ cup fresh basil roughly cut
1 ½ teaspoons fresh thyme (or ¾ teaspoon dried thyme)
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 cup diced celery
1 cup diced onion
1 ½ cups diced carrots
1 tablespoon chopped garlic
1 ½ teaspoons salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon paprika
Pinch red pepper flakes (optional)
4 tablespoons tomato paste
½ cup white wine
¾ cup freshly grated Romano cheese
½ cup heavy cream
2 tablespoons butter (to smooth out the acidity, but optional)
12-ounce package of frozen cheese-filled tortellini
8 ounces baby spinach or fresh spinach, stems removed and chopped (or frozen may be used if fresh is not available)
In a four quart slow cooker, place stock, tomatoes, cheese rinds, bay leaf, basil and thyme. Turn your slow cooker on, setting the timer on high for four hours or low for six hours, and cover the mixture (this will allow your slow cooker to start heating up).
While the slow cooker starts to heat up, in a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat. Add celery, onions and carrots and cook for three to four minutes until almost soft. Add garlic, salt, pepper, paprika and pepper flakes and cook for one more minute. Add tomato paste and cook for about two minutes (being careful not to burn), then add wine to deglaze the skillet. Pour this mixture into slow cooker and stir to mix. Cover again and allow to cook for four to six hours.
After the cooking time is up, remove cheese rinds and bay leaf and discard. With an 
Turn the slow cooker to high (if it isn't already), then add frozen tortellini. Cook until they are fully cooked (approximately 10 minutes), then add spinach. Continue cooking just until spinach has wilted into the soup (only a minute or two). If soup is too thick, dilute with more cream or more vegetable stock.




2 tablespoons of turkey fat skimmed from stock (
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 cup 1-inch diced onions
1 medium leek, white part only (cleaned of sand and diced)
1 tablespoon minced garlic
2 cups carrots (slice each carrot into four long strips and cut ½ inch pieces)
½ cup diced celery
1 parsnip peeled and diced
¼ cup white wine
½ cup frozen spinach thawed
1 cup cooked green beans diced
6 cups turkey stock (
½ teaspoon salt (depends on how salty the stock is)
¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
½ teaspoon ground savory
4 cups cooked large chopped white and dark turkey (added at the very end after dumplings are cooked)
8 slices semi stale dense bread such as Italian bread, Ciabatta or French loaf, crusts removed (three days old), about half a loaf
½ cup whole milk
1 ½ cups leftover mashed potatoes or shredded raw potatoes (or a combination of both)
¾ cup shredded onion (use cheese grater), or small dice
¼ cup chopped fresh parsley
¾ tablespoons salt
¼ teaspoon white pepper
⅛ teaspoon nutmeg
¼ teaspoon dry marjoram
2 large eggs beat well
1 to 2 cups bread crumbs
1 cup flour for rolling the finished dumplings
In a large Dutch oven over medium high heat, melt turkey fat or butter with olive oil. Add raw onions, leeks, garlic, carrots, celery and parsnips. Stir and cook for five minutes. Add white wine and deglaze pan. Add spinach, green beans, stock, salt, pepper and savory and stir. Turn off burner and hold.
In a large bowl, place bread and milk. Mush together until the bread is soaked. Then squeeze out and discard any milk left after squeezing. Add potatoes, onions, parsley, salt, pepper, nutmeg, marjoram, beaten eggs and only enough bread crumbs to bind the mixture. The mixture should be soft but firm enough to roll in your hands and keep its shape. Divide the mixture into 24 even balls and roll round.
Clean out the bowl and add the flour. Roll the dumplings in the four to coat all sides.
Return heat to soup and bring to a boil. Drop in the dumplings, cover the pot and bring back to a boil. When the soup starts to boil, use a wooden spoon or spatula to make sure dumplings are not sticking to bottom. Then cover the pot, bring to a simmer and cook 15 minutes.
Remove lid, add cooked turkey and stir. If you were using leftover cooked vegetables instead of fresh, add them now. Bring the soup up to serving temperature and serve three dumplings per person in a large bowl with a few ladles of the soup over.
Note: Alternatively, you can cook the dumplings separately by dropping them into boiling water for 15 minutes, again making sure they don’t stick to the pot bottom. Then serve with soup that has been cooking at the same time.


4 quarts cold water
6 pounds total of turkey carcass, raw turkey necks, raw turkey wings and/or any other chicken or turkey parts you have been saving in your freezer such as backs.
2 chicken feet, or 4 chicken wings or 1 additional turkey wing
1 clove of garlic, peeled and bruised
1 medium to large onion, peeled and cut in half
2–3 carrots peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces (about one cup)
2 celery ribs, tops and all cut into 1 inch pieces (about one cup)
1 leek, white part only, cleaned of sand and cut in half vertically
2 parsnips peeled and cut in half
1 knob of unpeeled ginger (about 2-3 ounces)
½ bunch fresh flat leaf parsley, tied with a string
2 bay leaves
1 ½ teaspoon salt
2 sage leaves, or 1 teaspoon dry ground sage
6 whole black peppercorns
Place all ingredients into a large stock pot and slowly bring to a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer for three hours. Skim foam that rises to the top as it cooks. Depending on the type and amount of the bones and meat you started with, you may need to simmer longer (up to four hours if needed) to intensify flavors.
Strain the stock and discard the solids except for the meat.
Remove skin and debone the turkey and reserve. Use for any recipe that calls for cooked turkey meat (such as our 
Cool the stock completely.
Once cooled, skim off the fat that settles on the top and if desired, save for any poultry recipe that calls for butter. (Turkey fat is full of flavor and lasts fairly long in the refrigerator and can also be frozen.)
Use stock for any recipe that calls for turkey stock like our 


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
¼ pound pancetta, diced small
½ cup diced carrots
½ cup diced onions
2 cups chopped leeks (white part and cleaned of sand)
1 cup green bell pepper diced
1 tablespoon minced garlic
2 cups diced green tomatoes skin left on, stem removed
¼ cup dry lentils
3 cups vegetable broth
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
¼ cup chopped cilantro, plus some for garnish
½ teaspoon sriracha
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 cup heavy cream
1 pound red ripe tomatoes, diced (reserve some for garnish)
½ pound Black Forest ham, diced
Crème fraîche
In a large Dutch oven over medium high heat, sauté pancetta in olive oil until browned, about 4-5 minutes. Add carrots, onions, leeks and bell pepper and sauté 5 minutes. Add garlic and cook for one more minute. Add green tomatoes, lentils, broth, bay leaves, salt, pepper, cilantro, sriracha and Worcestershire sauce. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer uncovered 20 minutes stirring occasionally.
Remove from heat and with an emulsion blender puree until almost smooth, or puree in small batches in a blender. Add cream, red tomatoes and ham. Stir, taste and adjust for seasoning.
To serve, ladle into bowl and top each portion with a dollop of Crème fraîche, reserved diced red tomatoes and a sprig of cilantro.


2 ears of sweet fresh corn, husked
Small butternut squash (to make 8 ounces sliced)
1 small onion (to make about ¼ cup diced)
2 small peeled potatoes (to make about 8 ounces diced)
½ stick (4 tablespoons) butter, plus extra for the sliced Ciabatta bread if desired
1 tablespoon flour
3 cups vegetable stock
1 teaspoon chopped fresh sage (or ½ teaspoon dried if fresh isn’t available)
¼ cup canned white beans, drained and rinsed
1 teaspoon seasoned salt (such as Lawry’s)
1 cup heavy cream
Ciabatta bread to serve with chowder
Place husked ear of corn over a bundt pan to hold in place and catch kernels, and using the 
Cut one half of the squash into four strips lengthwise and with the 
In a medium nonstick pot over medium high heat, melt butter and add squash, corn and onions. Sauté for four minutes, then add flour. Stir and cook one minute. Drain the potatoes, then add them into the pot along with stock, sage, white beans, and seasoned salt. Increase heat to high.
Once the mixture comes to a boil, lower to a medium but brisk boil and cook uncovered stirring occasionally for 10-12 minutes or until potatoes are tender.
Remove pot from the heat and add cream. Stir to combine and serve with toasted Ciabatta bread spread with a little butter.


1 pound bulk sweet Italian sausage (or if you can only find sausage links, cut the casings and squeeze out the sausage meet before cooking
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves
1 15-ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained
1 12-ounce package frozen butternut (or winter) squash puree, thawed
1 cup chunky-style chipotle salsa
1 ½ cups water
1 3.5-ounce package goat cheese, crumbled
In a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan, over medium-high heat, cook the sausage and fresh sage – breaking up the pieces of sausage as it cooks into small, bite-sized pieces. Cook the pork completely through until browned and no pink remains. Drain the excess fat, leaving the cooked pork and sage in the saucepan.
Add the beans, squash, salsa and water to the saucepan with the cooked sausage and bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Once the chili comes to a boil, lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 10-15 minutes (again stirring frequently) until the chili thickens.
Ladle the chili into individual bowls and sprinkle with goat cheese. Serve immediately.


1 hothouse cucumber, halved lengthwise and seeded, but not peeled
2 red bell peppers, cored and seeded
4 plum tomatoes
1 small red onion
3 garlic cloves, minced very fine or pushed through a garlic press
3 cups tomato juice
¼ cup white wine vinegar
¼ cup extra virgin olive oil
½ teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Sour cream, for garnish (optional)
Cut the cucumber, peppers, tomatoes and onion into 1-inch cubes.
In a food processor, pulse the cucumber until coarsely chopped. (Do not over-process – you want some texture from the vegetables in your finished gazpacho.) Pour the chopped cucumber into a very large bowl.
Repeat this process for each vegetable – separately chopping the peppers until coarse, then the tomatoes, then the onion – and pour each processed vegetable into the same large bowl.
Add the garlic, tomato juice, vinegar, olive oil, salt and pepper. Mix well.
Take about 3 cups of the mixture and pour it back into the food processor. Process until pureed. Pour the pureed mixture back into the bowl and mix again. Note: This step is optional – you can leave your gazpacho chunky if you like. We prefer ours slightly more pureed – but not completely processed.
Chill in the refrigerator for a few hours before serving.
When ready to serve, spoon into a soup bowl and add a dollop of sour cream for garnish (optional).


¼ cup finely 
3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 cup diced onion
1 cup diced green bell pepper
⅓ cup diced celery
2 cloves minced garlic
Big pinch red pepper flakes (more if you like it spicy)
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 teaspoons dry oregano
1 tablespoon fresh Italian flat leaf parsley, minced
¾ pound peeled, diced new red potatoes
¼ cup white wine
4 cups strong fish stock or 4 cups bottle clam juice with one teaspoon clam base or any other strong stock such as lobster or shrimp
1 28-ounce can crushed tomato (we like Cento)
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon black pepper
1 ¼ pounds fresh cod or halibut cut into one inch chunks.
Grated Parmesan cheese (optional)
Place 
Add onions, peppers and celery and sauté three to five minutes or until celery is tender. Add garlic and sauté one more minute.
Add red pepper, thyme, oregano, parsley and diced potatoes. Sauté for 2 minutes.
Add wine and cook until the wine has reduced by half.
Add fish stock, canned tomatoes, tomato paste, salt and pepper and stir.
Reduce to medium and cook about 20 minutes or until potatoes are tender.
Taste and adjust seasoning then add the fish. Gently stir and cook over medium heat for about two to three minutes or until fish is cooked through. Do not stir too much or you will break apart the fish.


5 pounds of live cherrystone clams in shells (or quahogs), shells scrubbed. 
1 ounce of 
1 ½ ounces of bacon, diced fine
2 tablespoon butter
¼ cup minced celery
1 cup of onion, chopped
1 small garlic clove, minced
2 tablespoons flour
3 cups of stock from the clams
1 ¼ pounds all-purpose potatoes, peeled and ½” diced
1 teaspoon fresh thyme, or ½ teaspoon dried
1 bay leaf
Black pepper
2 cups heavy cream
Butter for serving
In a pan large enough to hold the clams, bring 3 cups of water to a boil. Add clams and cover the pot. Cook over medium high heat for 7-9 minutes. If any clams don’t open, discard. Remove clams from broth and transfer to a sheet tray. Reserve the broth. Strain through a fine sieve lined with a coffee filter or cheese cloth. Strain a few times to remove all traces of sand.
Remove the clams from the shells. With a sharp knife, cut meat around belly and reserve. Then split the bellies lengthwise and scrape out and discard the contents. Cut bellies and add to the reserved chopped clams. Discard shells.
In a large heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, cook 
Add celery, onions, garlic and half the potatoes and cook for about ten minutes or until onions are translucent. Stir often. Add flour and cook for another minute.
Add 3 cups of reserved broth, the rest of the potatoes, thyme and bay leaf and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 10-15 minutes..
Once potatoes are tender, remove the pot from the heat, discard bay leaf and add chopped clams and cream. (If you are making this ahead of time, do not add the cream until you are ready to heat and serve.)
Season chowder with pepper as needed and heat to serving temperature. Depending on how briny the clams are and since this recipe used salt pork, you may not need to put in additional salt.
Serve with a dollop of butter over each portion and oyster crackers on the side.


1 pound boneless chuck or sirloin or venison if available, cut into cubes
1 tablespoon Tabasco sauce
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
½ teaspoon liquid smoke
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 pound ground chuck
1 pound ground pork (not sausage meat)
1 teaspoon paprika (smoked if available)
2 cups chopped onions
½ cup chopped celery
2 cups chopped green bell peppers
3 jalapenos chopped, seeds removed (or hotter peppers like cayenne or habanero, if you desire)
3 large garlic cloves, diced
1 bottle of dark beer or ale
2 tablespoons chili powder
2 tablespoons cumin
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon cocoa powder
1 teaspoon coriander
1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 can (28oz) crushed Pomodoro San Marzano tomatoes such as Cento or Pastene
1 can (28oz) diced Pomodoro San Marzano tomatoes such as Cento or Pastene (if you use whole canned tomatoes, just crush with your hand as you put them in)
1 can (14.5oz) diced tomato
⅓ cup brown sugar
1 can (15 oz.) beef broth
1 can (14oz) kidney beans drained and rinsed (optional)
1 can (14oz) black beans drained and rinsed (optional)
For serving: 
Place cubed meat, Tabasco, vinegar, liquid smoke and garlic powder in zip lock bag and marinate four hours or overnight. Drain and discard marinade. Pat beef dry with paper towels.
In a 10-quart heavy bottomed Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium high heat. Brown beef cubes on all sides and remove from pan.
In same pan, brown ground beef and pork and remove from pan.
Add paprika, onions, celery, both peppers and garlic. Cook for 2 minutes and add beef cubes, ground beef and ground pork back in.
Add in beer and stir to remove any brown bits from bottom.
Add in all other ingredients except kidney and black beans. Place a heat diffuser between the pot and stovetop heat. (Using a 
Add in both beans and simmer for an additional hour.
Check seasoning and adjust with more salt, pepper, chili powder or cumin. Cook five more minutes to blend flavors.
Serve with shredded cheddar cheese over top and 


Asian Chicken Stock
Your choice of Asian noodles
Dark, good-quality soy sauce
Thinly sliced bok choy (blanched for 2 minutes)
Thinly sliced ham
Chili paste
Fish sauce
Snow peas (blanched for 1 minute)
Chopped scallions
Shitake mushrooms (sliced and blanched for 2 minutes)
Baby spinach (blanched for 30 seconds)
Other leafy greens (blanched as needed)
Sunny side up egg
Hard-boiled egg
Cooked chicken meat, shredded
Diced raw shrimp (blanched for 30 seconds)
Mung bean sprouts
Sesame oil
Thinly sliced red bell pepper
Fresh squeezed lime juice (for garnish)
Cilantro, chopped (for garnish)
Scallions, chopped (for garnish)
Heat 
Cook noodles according to package directions, usually 1-2 minutes
Prepare toppings of your choice as noted in the ingredients list.
In a soup bowl, place one teaspoon of a good dark soy sauce. Add one ladle of very hot chicken stock and some cooked noodles.
Top noodles with any combination of the toppings and pour an additional ladle of very hot stock over.
Squeeze a little lime juice over the top, garnish with chopped cilantro and chopped scallions, stir and enjoy.


3 pounds of chicken bones, or small hens uncooked
5 pound chicken fryer
6 chicken feet, or 6 chicken necks, or one turkey wing
6 chicken wings
Enough hot tap water to cover
2 ½ ounce peeled and sliced ginger
1 full bunch of scallions
¼ onion peeled (about three ounces)
2 stalks celery cleaned and broken in half
½ bunch cilantro
1 tablespoon salt
6 black peppercorns
1 ½ gallons cold water
In a large stock pot, place chicken bones or hens, fryer, feet or necks or turkey wing and chicken wings. Fill with just enough hot water to cover. Quickly boil and simmer for five minutes. Strain and discard the water – this will remove most of the impurities from the stock.
Wash the stock pot and return chicken products back to pot.
Place all other ingredients in with the chicken and fill with 1 ½ gallons of cold water.
Slowly bring to a boil. Once boiling, reduce heat and simmer for 4 hours, skimming occasionally.
Once the stock has simmered and reduced, strain and reserve stock for Asian recipes.
Stock may be frozen. (We use zip lock bags to freeze the stock and thaw out the stock as needed).
Pick the meat from the whole fryer and save for soup or other dishes. Discard all other solids.


3 cups all-purpose potatoes, diced into ½ inch pieces
5 oz slab 
4 tablespoons butter
¼ cup diced celery
1 cup chopped onions
½ cup diced red pepper
¼ cup flour
1 quart very flavorful 
1 cup whole milk
1 cup heavy cream
One 14 ¾ oz can creamed corn
Two 14 ¾ oz can kernel corn drained
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
½ teaspoon dry thyme
¼ teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg
Pinch of cayenne pepper
2 cups cooked chicken, cut into bite sized chunks
Salt and pepper to taste
1 pound bacon cooked to crisp and chopped for garnish (optional)
Place potatoes in a medium pot with a pinch of salt and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook for about 10 minutes or until tender. Drain and set potatoes aside.
Put 
(At this point, you can remove the salt pork and strain the fat for a lower calorie version, however we leave it in as it adds great flavor to the soup.).
To the cooked salt pork, add the butter and melt.
When butter is melted, add celery, onions and red pepper and cook 2-3 minutes.
Reduce heat to medium and add flour. Stir to combine.
Cook this mixture on medium to medium low for an additional 2-3 minutes until the raw flour smell is gone.
Add 
Add milk, cream, creamed corn, kernel corn, Worcestershire sauce, thyme, nutmeg, and cayenne pepper. Stir to combine.
Add cooked chicken and cooked potatoes and stir gently.
Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper and serve. Crumble cooked bacon over the top as garnish.


4 quarts cold water
1 fryer chicken 4-5 pounds quartered
2 chicken feet, or 4 chicken wings or 1 turkey wing
1 clove of garlic peeled and bruised
1 onion peeled and cut in half
2–3 carrots peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces (about one cup)
2 celery ribs tops and all cut into 1 inch pieces (about one cup)
½ bunch fresh flat leaf parsley tied with a string
1 bay leaf
1 ½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon whole black peppercorns
1 package thin egg noodles, or noodles of your choice
Put all ingredients into a large stock pot, except the noodles, and slowly bring to a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer for four hours, skimming often.
Strain the stock from the solids and discard the onion, parsley, bay leaf and peppercorns but save the chicken, and other vegetables.
Remove skin and debone the chicken. Shred the chicken between your fingers and return the chicken to the pot with the stock.
Return the carrots, celery and garlic to the pot with the stock and bring back to a simmer.
Season finished soup with salt and pepper to taste. Skim off top layer of fat and discard.
Boil water and cook noodles according to package directions however keep noodles separate from soup until you are ready to serve. Store each separately.
Serve the soup over cooked thin egg noodles or noodle of your choice.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 pound chuck beef cut into small pieces (or use the cooked beef that is leftover from making your 
1 cup onions diced
½ cup celery diced
1 cup carrots diced
½ cup leeks diced
1 clove garlic minced
1 6-ounce can tomato paste
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 6-ounce cans of V-8 juice
½ cup red wine
2 quarts brown stock (see recipe 
2 cups water
1 14-ounce can diced tomato
1 cup cabbage chopped
½ cup white turnip diced
½ cup green beans roughly chopped
1 cup white potato diced
3 ounce baby spinach
1 11-ounce can kernel corn drained
1 14-ounce can white beans drained and rinsed
Salt as needed
Pepper as needed
In a 10-quart pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium high heat.
Place beef in oil and sear on all sides. Do not crowd pan so cook in batches.
Add onion, celery, carrots and leeks and sauté for 3-5 minutes until vegetables are slightly tender.
Add garlic and cook one more minute.
Add tomato paste and cook an additional minute then add dried thyme.
Add V-8 and red wine to deglaze pan. Cook for one additional minute scraping up any brown bits from bottom of pan.
Add 
Add diced tomatoes, cabbage, turnip and green beans and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
Add potato, spinach, corn and white beans and bring back to a boil. Simmer for five more minutes or until potato is cooked.
Adjust with salt and pepper if needed.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 pound chuck beef, cut into small pieces
1 cup diced onion
1 cup diced celery
1 cup diced carrots
1 cup diced leeks
2 cloves minced garlic
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 cup pearl barley
1 14.5 ounce can diced tomato
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 quarts 
2 cups water
½ cup diced white turnip
Salt
Pepper
In a 10-quart pot or Dutch oven, heat olive oil over medium high heat.
Place beef in oil and sear on all sides. Do not crowd the meat in the pan – brown the beef in batches.
Add onion, celery, carrots and leeks and sauté for 3-5 minutes until vegetables are slightly tender.
Add garlic and cook one more minute.
Add tomato paste and cook an additional minute.
Move mixture to sides of pan and place barley in center. Sauté for 2 minutes being careful not to burn the barley or mixture.
Add all other ingredients except salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Bring to a simmer and cook for one hour and 15 minutes. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper as needed.


4 ounces vegetable oil, separated
1 6-ounce can V-8 vegetable juice
1 6-ounce can tomato paste, separated
7 pounds beef or veal trim (part marrow bones, part beef scraps, part meaty ribs, etc.)
2 pounds bone-in chuck steak
7 quarts cold water
1 cup roughly chopped carrots
2 cups roughly chopped onions
1 cup roughly chopped celery
1 cup celery tops (if you have them)
¼ bunch Italian parsley with stems
½ teaspoon fresh or dried thyme
½ teaspoon whole black peppercorns
1 bay leaf
1 garlic clove
1 teaspoon salt
Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
Pour 2 ounces (1/4 cup) of the oil into a large roasting pan and place into the oven. Let the pan get hot in the oven for about ten minutes.
While pan and oil is in the oven getting hot, mix the V-8 with half of the tomato paste and slather all over the meat and bones.
Open oven and place meat and bones into hot roasting pan. Cook for 30-45 minutes until bones are deep brown. Open oven occasionally and turn bones. Watch during the last 15 minutes of the roasting time to make sure they don’t burn.
Remove from oven and place in a 10-quart stock pot. Cover with six quarts of cold water and bring to boil.
While pot is coming to a boil, pour remaining one quart of water into roasting pan and heat on the stove top to deglaze the pan. Scrape up any brown bits and pour into stock pot.
Once stock comes to a boil, reduce to a simmer and skim off any scum that floats to the top. Simmer for 5 hours, skimming occasionally.
While the stock is simmering, place a 14” heavy bottomed skillet on the stove top along with the other half of the oil and heat over medium high.
Place carrots, onions, celery and celery tops (if used) in the hot oil. Sauté for 15-20 minutes until the onions are nice and browned.
Add in the remaining tomato paste and cook for an additional 2-3 minutes. Add a few ladles of the stock to loosen up the mixture and to scrape up any bits stuck to the bottom. Let cool and then set this mixture aside in the refrigerator.
After the stock has simmered for the full 5 hours, place the carrot and onion mixture into the stock along with the parsley, thyme, peppercorns, bay leaf, garlic and salt.
Bring back to a boil then reduce to a simmer. Simmer for an additional hour.
Strain the stock back into the stock pot. If you can salvage any beef from the steak and bones, do so and use in your soup recipes, otherwise discard the solids.
This stock may be used in any recipe calling for beef stock, beef broth or brown stock. Before using, however, it is a good idea to skim any fat from the stock.
The best way to cool your stock before refrigerating, is to fill your kitchen sink half full with ice water and set the pot with the strained stock into the sink. This will cool the stock down quickly. You may need to change the ice water a few times, but you can get the stock down in temperature pretty quickly using this method. Stir occasionally to distribute the heat. Then refrigerate and remove fat after the stock cools, usually overnight.
This stock freezes well in small zipper seal plastic bags.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 cup ½ inch diced carrots
1 cup ½ inch diced onion
1 cup ½ inch diced celery
4 quarts chicken stock (see recipe 
8-10 2 ½ ounce browned but not fully cooked meatballs (see recipe 
2 cups cooked shredded chicken meat (if you are making your own stock you can use the chicken meat from the fryer - see recipe 
1 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese
1 head of escarole, cored, washed and roughly chopped
Ditalini shaped pasta or other small pasta for soup
Hearty, crusty bread for serving (optional)
In a large heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, heat olive oil and place carrots, onions and celery in. Cook for five minutes.
Add stock, turn to medium high and cook five to ten more minutes until vegetables are almost tender.
Add in meatballs, reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes.
Add in cooked chicken and simmer for one minute.
Add in chopped escarole and simmer for two to three more minutes or until wilted and cooked.
Stir in grated parmesan cheese.
Season with salt and pepper depending on how flavorful your stock is.
Spoon cooked ditalini or pasta of choice into serving bowl and ladle hot soup over and serve. We like this soup with a good crusty bread.


4 quarts cold water
1 fryer chicken 4-5 pounds quartered
5 chicken feet, or 4 chicken wings or 1 turkey wing
1 clove of garlic peeled and bruised
1 onion peeled and cut in half
2–3 carrots peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces (about one cup)
2 celery ribs tops and all cut into 1 inch pieces (about one cup)
½ bunch fresh flat leaf parsley tied with a string
1 bay leaf
1 ½ teaspoon salt
½ teaspoon whole black peppercorns
Put all ingredients into a large stock pot and slowly bring to a boil. Skim foam that floats to the top during this slow heating process and discard.
Reduce heat and simmer for four hours. Skim often.
Strain the stock from the solids and discard the onion, parsley, bay leaf and peppercorns but save the chicken, and other vegetables.
Remove skin and debone the chicken and reserve.
Press the carrots, celery and garlic through a fine strainer into the stock.
Discard and pulp left in the strainer. Cool the stock, remove and discard the fat that floats to the top and use stock for any recipe calling for a good chicken stock.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 ounce pancetta chopped
1 ½ cups green cabbage chopped
1 cup sliced carrots
1 leek, white part only, cleaned and chopped
½ cup onion chopped
2 cloves garlic minced
1 cup chopped, drained plum tomatoes
2 quarts 
½ cup diced potato
1 ounce parmesan cheese rind
3 ounces vermicelli or angel hair pasta, broken into 2 inch pieces (3/4 cup)
¼ cup drained chick peas
⅓ cup drained kidney beans
⅓ cup pesto
½ teaspoon salt or to taste
¼ teaspoon black pepper or to taste
Freshly grated parmesan cheese as needed
Heat olive oil in heavy bottom stock pot over medium high heat and add pancetta. Cook just until the fat renders off the pancetta (do not brown), approximately 2-3 minutes.
Add in cabbage, carrots, leeks, onions and garlic and sauté for five minutes.
Add in chopped tomatoes and sauté for an additional two minutes.
Add in 
Simmer for 25-30 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
Cook the pasta according to package directions, cool and set aside.
To the soup, add the cooked pasta, chick peas, kidney beans and pesto.
Season with salt and pepper and serve with grated Parmesan cheese and crusty bread.


2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, separated
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, separated
½ cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon coarse Kosher salt
a few grinds of fresh black pepper
2 pounds beef (such as a chuck roast)
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
2 cups onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, chopped
2 tablespoons tomato paste
½ cup red wine
3 quarts beef stock
1 to 2 quarts water
2 bay leaves
2 teaspoons dried thyme
1 teaspoon paprika
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 teaspoon sugar
4 cups carrots, peeled and cut into bite-sized pieces
4 cups russet potatoes, peeled and cut into bite sized pieces
1 cup green beans, trimmed and cut into one-inch pieces
1½ cup pearl onions
1 cup frozen green peas
¼ cup fresh flat leaf parsley chopped
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon sugar
½ teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon dried thyme
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup milk
Note: With this recipe, the type of meat used will determine your cooking time. If you are using a tough cut of beef, the recipe will use both quarts of water and take 2 ½ hours. If you are using a higher quality cut of beef, only one quart of water will be needed and the cooking time will be less. If you are not sure, save one quart of water and add it towards the end if too much liquid has evaporated. I suggest using a chuck roast as the meat of choice for beef stew.
Mix flour, salt and pepper together in a bowl. Dredge beef cubes in flour and remove, shaking off excess flour.
Over medium high heat, melt 1 tablespoon of butter and one tablespoon of oil in 6 quart heavy bottomed stock pot until slightly brown and frothy. Place half of the beef in the hot fat making sure that meat pieces do not touch each other. Cook 2 minutes then flip using metal tongs and cook 2 more minutes on the other side. Remove from pan and heat the other tablespoon of butter and oil then cook the second half of the meat. Remove meat from pan when done and set aside.
Turn heat to medium and add 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the pan. Add in chopped onions and cook about 2-3 minutes until tender. Add chopped garlic and cook for one more minute. Add tomato paste and cook for an additional minute.
Add in red wine to deglaze pan, scraping up any brown bits from bottom.
Add stock, water, bay leaf, thyme, paprika, Worcestershire sauce and sugar. Bring to a boil then turn heat down to a simmer and cover pot with lid slightly ajar. Simmer for 2 ½ hours or until beef is tender, adjusting water as needed.
Add in carrots, potatoes, green beans and pearl onions and simmer for 15 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
While vegetables are cooking, prepare dumpling batter as follows: Sift flour, baking powder and sugar together. Add salt and thyme into the bowl and then cut in butter. Add milk and stir with spoon until mixed.
Add green peas and chopped parsley to stew, adjust seasoning and turn heat to low.
Once stew is finished, drop heaping tablespoons of dumpling batter into stew until all batter is used. Cover and cook ten minutes.
Serve bowls of stew with dumplings on top.


